cifarfs_des1 = [
    "A baby photo captures a tiny human, often round-faced, with soft skin and wide, curious eyes. They may be smiling, crying, or sleeping peacefully, showcasing their innocence and early developmental stages. Textures include delicate hair and sometimes dimpled limbs.",
    "A beaver photo shows a large rodent with thick, brown fur, a flat, scaly tail, and prominent incisors. They are often depicted in or near water, building dams or lodges, highlighting their aquatic adaptations and industrious nature.",
    "A bee photo features a small, fuzzy insect with black and yellow stripes, delicate wings, and six legs. They are often seen on flowers, collecting nectar or pollen, emphasizing their vital role as pollinators and their intricate body structure.",
    "A beetle photo displays an insect with a hard, often iridescent exoskeleton, varying in color and size. They can have distinct antennae and segmented bodies, frequently found on plants or in soil, illustrating their diverse forms and habitats.",
    "A boy photo captures a young male, typically with short hair, an active posture, and expressive features. They might be playing, exploring, or engaged in typical childhood activities, reflecting their energy and developing personalities.",
    "A butterfly photo reveals an insect with large, often vibrantly colored and patterned wings, a slender body, and delicate antennae. They are usually seen resting on flowers or in flight, showcasing their elegant beauty and metamorphosis.",
    "A caterpillar photo shows a larval insect with a segmented body, often brightly colored or patterned, and multiple prolegs. They are typically found on leaves, feeding, illustrating their distinct appearance before pupation and their role in plant ecosystems.",
    "A cockroach photo depicts an insect with a flattened, oval body, long antennae, and six legs, usually dark brown or black. They are often seen scurrying in various environments, highlighting their resilience and often unwelcome presence.",
    "A dolphin photo captures a marine mammal with a sleek, streamlined body, a dorsal fin, and a distinctive rostrum. They are often shown leaping from water or swimming gracefully, emphasizing their intelligence and playful nature.",
    "A fox photo features a medium-sized canine with reddish-brown fur, a bushy tail, pointed ears, and a slender muzzle. They are often depicted in natural settings, showcasing their cunning demeanor and agile movements as predators.",
    "A girl photo captures a young female, often with varying hairstyles, expressive eyes, and a diverse range of outfits. They might be engaged in creative play, learning, or social interactions, reflecting their individuality and growth.",
    "A man photo displays an adult male, with diverse facial features, hair, and body types. They can be depicted in various settings and activities, reflecting their maturity, roles, and expressions of adulthood.",
    "An otter photo shows a semi-aquatic mammal with a long, slender body, short legs, webbed feet, and a thick tail. They are often seen in or near water, playing or hunting, highlighting their agility and playful nature in aquatic environments.",
    "A porcupine photo features a rodent covered in sharp quills, typically with a robust body and a small head. They are often depicted in forested areas, showcasing their unique defensive mechanism and solitary nature.",
    "A possum photo captures a marsupial with grayish fur, a pointed snout, hairless ears, and a prehensile tail. They are often seen at night, sometimes feigning death, illustrating their nocturnal habits and unique survival tactics.",
    "A raccoon photo depicts a medium-sized mammal with grayish fur, a distinctive black mask around its eyes, and a bushy, ringed tail. They are often shown near human habitats, highlighting their adaptability and opportunistic nature.",
    "A seal photo features a marine mammal with a streamlined body, flippers for limbs, and a thick layer of blubber. They are often seen on land or in water, showcasing their graceful swimming and often docile demeanor.",
    "A skunk photo displays a mammal with distinctive black and white fur patterns, a bushy tail, and a small head. They are often depicted in natural settings, highlighting their unique defensive spray and generally cautious behavior.",
    "A whale photo captures a large marine mammal with a streamlined body, horizontal tail flukes, and often a blowhole on top of its head. They are often seen breaching or spouting water, emphasizing their immense size and majestic presence in the ocean.",
    "A woman photo displays an adult female, with diverse facial features, hair, and body types. They can be depicted in various settings and activities, reflecting their maturity, roles, and expressions of adulthood."
]
cifarfs_des2 = [
    "Behold the nascent human, a symphony of soft curves and wide-eyed wonder. A delicate bloom unfolding, each gesture a silent poem of innocence. Their presence, a gentle echo of humanity's freshest chapter, speaks of pure potential.",
    "The beaver, a master architect of the wild, carves its presence into the landscape with resolute teeth and a tireless spirit. Its aquatic domain, a testament to instinctual brilliance, shapes the very flow of nature.",
    "A bee, a fleeting brushstroke of life's vibrant palette, dances amidst the blossoms. Its tiny form, a marvel of biological engineering, tirelessly weaves the threads of life, one pollen grain at a time.",
    "The beetle, an armored jewel of the earth, navigates its intricate world with silent determination. Its hardened carapace, a testament to ancient design, reflects the resilience of the miniature kingdom.",
    "A boy, a spirited whirlwind of boundless energy and nascent dreams. His world, a canvas for exploration, where every moment is an adventure, and every discovery a triumph of budding curiosity.",
    "The butterfly, a whispered secret of transformation, unfurls wings painted with celestial hues. A fleeting masterpiece, it flits between realms, embodying the delicate dance of metamorphosis.",
    "The caterpillar, a humble alchemist of the leaf, diligently consumes its way towards a miraculous rebirth. Its segmented form, a living testament to patience, anticipates the glory of future flight.",
    "The cockroach, an enduring shadow in the unseen corners of existence. Its swift, silent passage a testament to primordial survival, a creature built for an eternity of unseen resilience.",
    "The dolphin, a sleek ambassador of the ocean's depths, glides through azure realms with effortless grace. Its intelligence, a beacon of marine wonder, echoes in every playful leap and harmonious song.",
    "The fox, a russet phantom of the twilight woods, moves with an almost ethereal stealth. Its keen eyes and agile form, a symphony of predatory instinct, embodies the wild's enduring cunning.",
    "A girl, a blossoming spirit of unique expression, paints her world with imagination and heartfelt connection. Her presence, a gentle current, shapes the narratives of growth and discovery.",
    "The man, a crucible of experience and evolving purpose. His features, etched with the narratives of life, reflect the myriad roles and responsibilities that define the human journey.",
    "The otter, a liquid dancer of the waterways, embodies unbridled joy in every playful swirl. Its sleek form, a testament to aquatic mastery, navigates the currents with effortless vivacity.",
    "The porcupine, a bristling sentinel of the forest floor, carries its defenses with silent dignity. Its unique quilled armor, a stark warning, proclaims its sovereign right to untouched solitude.",
    "The possum, a nocturnal wanderer of the shadowed periphery, navigates its world with ancient instincts. Its primal survival, a testament to adaptability, unfolds beneath the cloak of night.",
    "The raccoon, a masked marauder of the urban fringe, operates with an almost mischievous intelligence. Its nimble paws and keen senses, a testament to cunning, exploit the edges of two worlds.",
    "The seal, a plush denizen of the icy fringes, rests upon the shore like a sun-drenched sculpture. Its liquid gaze, a window into the ocean's heart, reflects a primal serenity.",
    "The skunk, a striking monochrome artist of the undergrowth, carries a potent secret. Its distinctive markings, a bold declaration, precede a defensive power as ancient as the wild itself.",
    "The whale, a titanic monarch of the deep, moves with the slow grandeur of a living mountain. Its colossal form, a testament to oceanic majesty, breaches the surface, a fleeting glimpse of primordial power.",
    "The woman, a mosaic of strength and tenderness, weaves the tapestry of life with grace and profound depth. Her presence, a cornerstone of humanity, echoes with resilience and timeless wisdom."
]
cifarfs_des3 = [
    "Photographic capture of an infant: a prime exemplar of developmental biology, demonstrating characteristic neotenous features including elevated cephalic-to-somatic ratio, epidermal translucency, and undifferentiated oculomotor coordination. Behavioral phenomenology often includes spontaneous vocalizations and rudimentary motoric expressions, indicative of early neurodevelopmental pathways.",
    "Visual documentation of Castor: exhibiting specialized morphological adaptations for semi-aquatic existence, including robust dentition for lignivory, a dorsoventrally compressed caudal appendage, and dense, hydrophobic pelage. Ethological observations frequently detail complex engineering behaviors related to habitat modification.",
    "Image of Hymenoptera (Apidae): illustrates an insect characterized by a segmented, pilose exoskeleton, membranous alae with intricate venation, and specialized appendicular structures for pollen manipulation. Ecological significance primarily revolves around pollinator-plant mutualisms, crucial for angiosperm reproduction.",
    "Depiction of Insecta (Coleoptera): showcasing cuticular sclerotization resulting in diverse chromatic and structural properties. Appendicular and cephalic morphology exhibit considerable inter-species variation, reflecting diverse trophic levels and ecological niches within terrestrial ecosystems.",
    "Portrayal of a pre-pubescent Homo sapiens (male): characterized by evolving skeletal and muscular systems, exhibiting higher kinetic energy expenditure and exploratory behaviors. Cognitive development is typified by formative social interactions and rudimentary problem-solving schemas.",
    "Representation of Lepidoptera (Rhopalocera): highlighting integumentary structures responsible for complex light refraction and absorption, creating iridescent or patterned alar surfaces. Lifecycle involves complete metamorphosis, signifying a profound biological transformation.",
    "Visualization of Lepidoptera (larval stage): characterized by a vermiform body plan, prolegs for ambulation, and mandibles adapted for herbivory. Physiological function is primarily focused on biomass accumulation in preparation for pupation and subsequent imaginal transformation.",
    "Forensic imagery of Blattodea: presenting an arthropod with a generalized, dorsoventrally flattened body plan, long filiform antennae, and cursorial appendages. Notably adapted for cryptic existence in diverse microhabitats, exhibiting high fecundity and generalist scavenger tendencies.",
    "Acoustic and visual data of Delphinidae: depicting a highly encephalized marine mammal with a fusiform body and specialized hydrofoil appendages. Behavioral repertoire includes complex vocalizations, cooperative hunting, and intricate social structures indicative of advanced cognitive capabilities.",
    "Remote sensing data of Canidae (Vulpes): illustrating a mesopredator with adaptations for opportunistic foraging, including heightened auditory and olfactory senses. Ecological role involves population regulation of smaller prey species within varied terrestrial biomes.",
    "Ethnographic capture of a pre-pubescent Homo sapiens (female): demonstrating diverse somatic phenotypes and developmental milestones. Socialization processes are frequently evident through peer-group interactions and complex communicative behaviors.",
    "Anthropo-morphological representation of an adult Homo sapiens (male): displaying mature physiological and psychological characteristics. Socio-cultural contexts vary, reflecting diverse vocational roles, familial structures, and community engagements.",
    "Bio-acoustic and visual telemetry of Mustelidae (Lutra): showcasing a semi-aquatic carnivore with adaptations for both terrestrial and aquatic locomotion, including webbed feet and a streamlined body. Exhibits complex play behaviors indicative of neural complexity.",
    "Zoological illustration of Rodentia (Erethizontidae): characterized by specialized epidermal keratinous outgrowths (quills) for defensive purposes. Behavioral ecology indicates solitary tendencies and arboreal or terrestrial foraging strategies.",
    "Ecological survey image of Didelphimorphia: a marsupial exhibiting a prehensile tail and a unique 'playing possum' defensive behavior (thanatosis). Nocturnal activity patterns and generalist diet contribute to its ecological resilience.",
    "Urban wildlife imagery of Procyonidae (Procyon): characterized by a distinctive facial mask and highly dexterous forepaws. Exhibits significant adaptability to anthropogenically altered environments, demonstrating opportunistic omnivory.",
    "Marine biological illustration of Phocidae: showcasing a pinniped with a fusiform body plan and specialized flipper-like limbs for aquatic propulsion. Thermoregulation is facilitated by a thick blubber layer, crucial for survival in cold aquatic environments.",
    "Wildlife photography of Mephitidae: displaying a carnivore with aposematic black and white pelage, signaling chemical defense mechanisms involving potent sulfur-containing compounds. Behaviorally, exhibits a distinct warning posture prior to deployment of defensive secretions.",
    "Oceanographic imaging of Cetacea (Mysticeti/Odontoceti): capturing a large marine mammal with hydrodynamic body form, horizontal caudal flukes, and either baleen plates or dentition for filter or active predation. Exhibits complex migratory patterns and diverse vocalizations.",
    "Anthropo-morphological representation of an adult Homo sapiens (female): displaying mature physiological and psychological characteristics. Socio-cultural contexts vary, reflecting diverse vocational roles, familial structures, and community engagements."
]
cifarfs_des4 = [
    "A fleeting moment, frozen in time: a baby’s gaze, a universe of unspoiled curiosity. The softest blush of skin, the whisper of new life, captured for eternity. It's a testament to beginnings, a gentle reminder of pure existence.",
    "The beaver: sculptor of rivers, architect of change. Its patient work, a silent symphony of wood and water, creates sanctuaries where life thrives. A quiet force, shaping the very land with its determined spirit.",
    "A bee: a vibrant speck of industry, humming with life's profound purpose. Each visit to a flower, a sacred pact, a delicate dance of giving and receiving. It’s the heartbeat of spring, carried on tiny wings.",
    "The beetle: a living enigma, cloaked in nature's own armor. Its journey through the earth, a testament to silent resilience, a miniature marvel of survival against all odds. It’s a fragment of timeless design.",
    "A boy: a whirlwind of potential, a laugh echoing with untold adventures. His world, a boundless playground, where every discovery is a spark, igniting the flame of future endeavors. He is the dawn of possibility.",
    "The butterfly: a poetic whisper of transformation, born from stillness, emerging in riotous color. Its fragile beauty, a fleeting masterpiece, reminds us that even the darkest cocoons hold the promise of flight.",
    "The caterpillar: a patient weaver of destiny, inching towards a spectacular revelation. Its humble form, a silent promise of future glory, holds the secret of radical change within its segmented being.",
    "The cockroach: a primal whisper of enduring survival, an ancient shadow that navigates unseen worlds. Its silent journey, a testament to adaptability, speaks of life's relentless persistence.",
    "The dolphin: a shimmering dream in the ocean’s embrace, moving with an ancient grace. Its playful spirit, a beacon of marine wonder, echoes in the heart of the boundless blue. It is joy, embodied in water.",
    "The fox: a fiery spirit of the wild, a flash of russet against the fading light. Its cunning gaze, a window into primal wisdom, moves through the landscape with an almost mythical presence. It is the wild's enduring poetry.",
    "A girl: a blossoming soul, weaving narratives of dreams and quiet strength. Her smile, a soft illumination, reflects the boundless landscape of her inner world, shaping tomorrows with gentle resolve.",
    "The man: a weathered landscape of experiences, a quiet strength etched into his very being. His presence, a grounding force, embodies the accumulated wisdom and silent journeys of a lifetime.",
    "The otter: a joyous frolic of water and fur, a playful spirit dancing in the currents. Its effortless grace, a testament to nature’s boundless joy, reminds us of the simple beauty of existence.",
    "The porcupine: a walking fortress, crowned with nature’s sharpest jewels. Its solitary journey, a testament to self-reliance, speaks of boundaries and the quiet dignity of its unique defense.",
    "The possum: a nocturnal whisper, a creature of twilight and ancient instincts. Its silent passage, a fleeting shadow, reminds us of life's subtle resilience in the face of unseen challenges.",
    "The raccoon: a masked enigma, a creature of cleverness and shadows. Its nimble hands, a testament to resourceful adaptability, navigate the hidden corners where human and wild worlds intertwine.",
    "The seal: a sleek sculpture of the sea, resting in quiet contemplation on the sun-warmed shore. Its eyes, deep pools of ancient wisdom, reflect the vast, untamed heart of the ocean.",
    "The skunk: a striking testament to nature’s vivid contrasts, a bold declaration in black and white. Its unique defense, a powerful assertion, speaks of the wild's clever and unforgettable protections.",
    "The whale: a living monument of the deep, a colossal heart beating in the ocean’s vastness. Its majestic breach, a momentary triumph, speaks of primal power and the boundless majesty of the sea.",
    "The woman: a tapestry of grace and resilience, woven with the threads of empathy and enduring strength. Her presence, a luminous core, embodies the profound depths and quiet wisdom of human experience."
]
cifarfs_des5 = [
    "Infant (Homo sapiens). Description: Illustrates early-stage human development, characterized by high cephalic-to-body ratio, unossified cranial structures, and rapid postnatal growth. Features indicative of innate reflex arcs and emergent sensory processing are frequently discernible.",
    "Beaver (Castor canadensis). Description: Depicts a large, semi-aquatic rodent. Key anatomical features include specialized incisors for lignivorous activity, a distinctive flattened, scaly tail utilized for propulsion and thermoregulation, and dense pelage. Often observed in engineered aquatic environments.",
    "Bee (Apis mellifera). Description: Macro-photographic representation of a social insect. Possesses characteristic black and yellow banded abdomen, compound eyes, and membranous wings. Behavioral observation commonly includes pollen/nectar collection, signifying its role as a primary pollinator.",
    "Beetle (Order Coleoptera). Description: Arthropod exhibiting complete metamorphosis and a hardened exoskeleton composed primarily of chitin. Morphological diversity is extensive, encompassing variations in size, color, and appendicular structures. Commonly found in diverse terrestrial and arboreal habitats.",
    "Boy (Homo sapiens, juvenile male). Description: Portrays an immature human male. Physical characteristics vary with age and genetic background but generally include shorter stature, developing musculature, and active engagement in play-based learning and social development.",
    "Butterfly (Order Lepidoptera). Description: Diurnal insect characterized by large, often symmetrically patterned and colorful wings covered in minute scales. Possesses a slender body and prominent antennae. Typical behavior involves nectaring on flowering plants.",
    "Caterpillar (Lepidopteran larva). Description: Larval stage of a butterfly or moth. Exhibits a segmented, often colorful body with multiple prolegs (false legs) in addition to thoracic legs. Primary activity is feeding, crucial for biomass accumulation prior to pupation.",
    "Cockroach (Order Blattodea). Description: Nocturnal insect. Characterized by a flattened, ovoid body, long filiform antennae, and cursorial legs. Noted for its rapid movement and adaptability to a wide range of human-associated environments.",
    "Dolphin (Family Delphinidae). Description: Marine mammal with a streamlined, fusiform body, a prominent dorsal fin, and a distinct rostrum. Highly social and intelligent, frequently observed in complex pod structures and exhibiting sophisticated vocalizations.",
    "Fox (Genus Vulpes). Description: Medium-sized carnivorous mammal within the Canidae family. Possesses reddish-brown fur, a bushy tail, and pointed ears. Noted for its adaptability to diverse habitats and opportunistic predatory behavior.",
    "Girl (Homo sapiens, juvenile female). Description: Portrays an immature human female. Physical characteristics vary with age and genetic background. Exhibits ongoing cognitive and social development, often through imaginative play and interpersonal engagement.",
    "Man (Homo sapiens, adult male). Description: Represents a mature human male. Demonstrates fully developed skeletal and muscular systems. Exhibits diverse physical appearances and is depicted in various social, professional, and personal contexts.",
    "Otter (Family Mustelidae, subfamily Lutrinae). Description: Semi-aquatic carnivorous mammal. Features a long, slender body, short legs, webbed feet, and a powerful tail. Often depicted in riparian or coastal environments, known for playful behavior and aquatic dexterity.",
    "Porcupine (Family Erethizontidae or Hystricidae). Description: Rodent distinguished by a covering of stiff, sharp quills for defense. Typically robust in build with a small head. Habits range from arboreal to terrestrial, often solitary.",
    "Possum (Order Didelphimorphia). Description: Marsupial with grayish fur, a pointed snout, and a prehensile tail. Predominantly nocturnal, known for its unique defensive behavior of feigning death (thanatosis) when threatened.",
    "Raccoon (Procyon lotor). Description: Medium-sized mammal characterized by grayish fur, a distinctive black facial mask, and a ringed tail. Highly adaptable and often found in proximity to human settlements, known for its dextrous forepaws and omnivorous diet.",
    "Seal (Infraorder Pinnipedia, families Phocidae/Otariidae). Description: Marine mammal with a streamlined body and limbs modified into flippers. Possesses a thick blubber layer for insulation. Often depicted resting on land or ice, and agile in aquatic environments.",
    "Skunk (Family Mephitidae). Description: Mammal recognized by its distinctive black and white fur patterns. Possesses specialized anal glands capable of emitting a strong, malodorous spray as a defensive mechanism. Typically solitary and crepuscular.",
    "Whale (Order Cetacea). Description: Large marine mammal, fully aquatic. Characterized by a streamlined body, horizontal tail flukes, and either baleen plates (Mysticeti) or teeth (Odontoceti). Exhibits complex behaviors such as breaching and vocalizations.",
    "Woman (Homo sapiens, adult female). Description: Represents a mature human female. Demonstrates fully developed skeletal and muscular systems. Exhibits diverse physical appearances and is depicted in various social, professional, and personal contexts."
]