cifarfs_des1 = [
    "A cute baby smiling, wearing a onesie, sitting in a nursery with colorful toys around, soft lighting, joyful expression.",
    "A cozy double bed with fluffy pillows and a warm comforter, in a well-lit bedroom, wooden bedside table, serene ambiance.",
    "A modern bicycle with sleek design, parked on a city street, surrounded by trees and buildings, clear sky, urban setting.",
    "A chimpanzee in a zoo, sitting calmly, surrounded by green foliage, curious eyes, natural habitat enclosure, sunny day.",
    "A fox in a forest, red fur, alert expression, surrounded by trees and underbrush, sunlight filtering through, wild scenery.",
    "A leopard stalking in the grasslands, spotted coat, intense gaze, tall grass and distant trees, safari setting, sunny day.",
    "A man in a casual suit, walking in a city park, skyscrapers in the background, confident stride, urban daytime setting.",
    "A pickup truck on a dirt road, rugged design, surrounded by nature, mountains in the distance, adventurous outdoor scene.",
    "A vast plain under a blue sky, endless grasslands, gentle hills in the distance, serene and expansive natural landscape.",
    "A vibrant poppy field, red and orange poppies blooming, sun shining brightly, picturesque and colorful rural setting.",
    "A rocket launching, flames and smoke, skyward ascent, launch pad visible, dramatic and powerful space exploration moment.",
    "A beautiful rose garden, various colored roses in bloom, sunlight enhancing colors, romantic and fragrant atmosphere.",
    "A snail on a leaf, detailed texture, garden environment, dew drops on the leaf, close-up nature photography moment.",
    "A basket of sweet peppers, various colors, kitchen setting, fresh and vibrant, focus on texture and colors of the peppers.",
    "A dining table set for a meal, elegant tableware, soft lighting, flowers as centerpiece, sophisticated and inviting ambiance.",
    "An old-fashioned telephone on a table, rotary dial, vintage design, in a warmly lit room, nostalgic and classic ambiance.",
    "A large wooden wardrobe with intricate carvings, in a spacious bedroom, clothes hanging, elegant and antique design.",
    "A whale breaching the ocean surface, splashing water, vast sea and sky, majestic and powerful wildlife moment, sunny day.",
    "A woman in a stylish dress, walking in a city park, trees and pathways, confident smile, sunny day, urban leisure setting.",
    "A worm in the soil, close-up view, dirt and leaves around, natural garden setting, detailed texture, nature photography moment."
]
cifarfs_des2 = [
"The baby's smile, like the dawn's first light breaking through, pierces the cartoon patterns on the onesie, reflecting an innocent radiance within the miniature universe of toys.",
"The double bed is laid out with lazy comfort; the down duvet is as fluffy as a cloud, and the wood grain on the nightstand whispers secrets of the bedroom known only to itself in the morning light.",
"The bicycle is a poem forged in steel, parked at the asphalt rhyme, with buildings and trees as its footnotes, together composing a symphony of urban rhythm.",
"The chimpanzee is a whisperer of intelligence, within a simulated jungle, measuring the world beyond the iron bars with curious eyes, each leaf a symbol it deciphers from nature.",
"The fox's red fur is a letter from autumn, threading through the forest's whispers, ancient wisdom hidden in its watchful gaze, the sunlight its golden cloak.",
"The leopard is an assassin of the savanna's shadows, its spots a silent battle armor, moving stealthily through the grass waves, every gaze a wordless judgment upon its prey, the sunlight its cover.",
"The man in a suit and tie is an elegant predator in the urban jungle, his steps concealing precise control over time, the skyscrapers his territory, the park his hunting ground.",
"The pickup truck is a free spirit on the dirt road, its rugged lines slicing through the silence of the wilderness, distant mountains its backdrop for the journey, every bump a salute to freedom.",
"The grassland is an endless green carpet, the hills its gentle folds, the sky the extension of its boundless thoughts, the wind its low吟诗, telling tales of eternal tranquility.",
 "The poppy, a fiery splash of crimson against the green, seems almost defiant in its bold simplicity, its petals catching the sunlight like delicate, paper flames.",
"The rocket is a metal giant poised for flight, its fiery breath rising within the launchpad's embrace, carrying humanity's dreams towards the boundless sea of stars.",
"The rose garden is a maze of fragrance, each bloom an entrance to temptation, the sunlight a guiding sprite, letting the air弥漫 with romantic and sweet riddles.",
"The snail is a stroller through time, leaving winding trails on the leaf, dewdrops marks of its journey, freezing the slow and poetic moments of the micro-world.",
"The bell pepper is a palette in the kitchen, its colors a vibrant declaration, each one holding nature's sweetness, waiting to be transformed into art on the dining table.",
"The dining table is the stage for family ritual, the tableware carefully arranged props, the flowers the finishing touch of scenery, the light a warm spotlight, staging the warmth of everyday life.",
"The rotary telephone is a gramophone of time, its dial turning melodies of the past, whispering forgotten stories in the warm light, each button hiding a memory.",
"The wardrobe is the kingdom of clothes, the carvings patterns of a crown, silently guarding the owner's style and secrets in the bedroom's quietude, an elegant witness.",
"The whale is a giant poet of the ocean, leaping from the water writes love poems to the sky, the spray punctuation, the ocean and sky its canvas for inspiration.",
"The lady is a walking fashion statement, her dress a mobile canvas, confidently striding through the park's greenery, her smile the best commentary on city life.",
"The earthworm is an internal medicine doctor of the soil, diligently working in the darkness, the earth its medical chart, every wriggle writing the cycle of life."
]
cifarfs_des3 = [
    "Infant, approximate age 6-9 months, exhibiting facial expression indicative of positive affect. Dressed in infant garment (onesie). Positioned seated on soft substrate within a brightly colored environment.",
    "Double sleeping surface, equipped with mattress and bedding. Duvet and pillows arranged neatly. Located in a room with dim lighting, suggesting evening or night time.", 
    "Two-wheeled human-powered vehicle. Frame constructed of metal, with pneumatic tires. Parked on a paved surface, adjacent to a grassy area. Handlebars and seat visible.",  
    "Flowering plant with bright red petals. Located in a garden setting, surrounded by green foliage. Stamens and pistil visible in the center of the flower.", 
    "Electronic display device, rectangular in shape. Screen currently displaying a colorful image. Located in a living room environment, with seating nearby.",  
    "Glass panel set in a wall, allowing light to pass through. Framed by a wooden or plastic surround. View of an external environment visible through the glass.",  
    "Series of steps ascending vertically. Constructed of wood or concrete. Handrail present on one side. Located in a residential or commercial building.",  
    "Celestial body visible in nocturnal sky. Appears as a large, bright, circular disc. Likely the Moon in a waxing gibbous phase. Illuminates the surrounding environment with reflected light.",  
    "Cylindrical wax object containing a central wick. Currently alight, producing a small flame. Emits both light and heat. Placed on a flat surface.", 
    "Domestic feline, medium-sized, with a coat of short, gray fur. Sitting upright, with ears pointed and eyes focused. Located in a home environment, possibly a living room.",  
    "Avian species, small in size, with feathers of various colors. Perched on a branch, with beak and eyes visible. Surrounding environment suggests a woodland or garden setting.",  
    "Canine animal, large breed, with a coat of golden fur. Standing on a grassy field, with a leash attached to a collar. Tail wagging, indicating a state of excitement or happiness.",  
    "Freshwater fish, small in size, with scales that reflect light. Swimming in a glass aquarium, surrounded by aquatic plants and rocks. Fins and tail visible in motion.", 
    "Fruit-bearing tree, with a trunk and branches of brown wood. Leaves are green and oval-shaped. Several red apples visible among the foliage, indicating ripeness.", 
    "Automotive vehicle, designed for passenger transport. Exterior is painted in a metallic color, with wheels and windows visible. Parked on a street, with a license plate attached.",  
    "Cooking vessel, made of metal with a handle. Currently on a stove, with visible heat source underneath. Contains a liquid that is boiling, emitting steam.", 
    "Handheld electronic device, small and rectangular. Screen is illuminated, displaying text and images. User is interacting with the device using fingers, suggesting a smartphone.", 
    "Alcoholic beverage, contained in a glass bottle. Label on the bottle indicates brand and type of liquor. Bottle is partially filled, with a cork or cap sealing the opening.",  
    "Footwear item, designed for protection and comfort. Made of leather or synthetic materials, with laces and a sole. Placed on a floor, possibly in a bedroom or closet.",  
    "Writing instrument, cylindrical in shape, with a tip that deposits ink onto paper. Cap is removed, revealing the writing end. Resting on a desk, near sheets of paper.",  
]
cifarfs_des4 = [
    "Human neonate, exhibiting facial gesture of joy, clothed in a one-piece garment, seated within a chamber adorned with juvenile paraphernalia.", 
    "Sleeping apparatus, comprising a horizontal platform with cushioning, covered with textile materials, situated in a dimly illuminated enclosure.",  
    "Pedal-driven conveyance, featuring two wheels, a frame, and a seat, stationed adjacent to a vertical structure in an urban environment.",  
    "Floral organism, characterized by vibrant red petals, situated amidst green foliage, receiving solar radiation in a natural setting.",  
    "Audio-visual receptor, displaying a luminous screen with moving images, enclosed in a rectangular casing, placed on a horizontal surface.",  
    "Aquatic vessel, containing a liquid medium, accompanied by a lid and handle, positioned on a flat surface, potentially containing a beverage.",  
    "Illumination device, consisting of a wax body with a wick, emitting light and heat. Placed on a flat surface.",  
    "Container for liquid, featuring a narrow neck and a cap, made of glass or plastic, resting on a surface, possibly containing a liquid.",  
    "Footwear item, designed for protection and comfort, made of leather or synthetic materials, with laces and a sole, placed on a floor.",  
    "Writing instrument, cylindrical in shape, with a tip that deposits ink onto paper, cap removed, resting on a desk near sheets of paper.",  
    "Cooking vessel, typically used for frying, searing, and browning foods, made of metal, with a handle, placed on a stove.",  
    "Personal grooming device, used for cutting hair, with blades and a handle, possibly electric, placed on a bathroom counter.",  
    "Refrigeration unit, used for preserving food at low temperatures, with a door and shelves, located in a kitchen environment.",  
    "Wearable item, used to cover the upper body, with sleeves and a collar, made of textile materials, hanging in a closet.",  
    "Seating furniture, designed for one person, with a backrest and legs, made of wood or metal, placed in a living room.",  
    "Electrical device, used for illumination, with a bulb and a switch, hanging from the ceiling or attached to a wall.",  
    "Container for holding and serving food, typically round and shallow, made of ceramic or glass, placed on a table.", 
    "Handheld device, used for communication and entertainment, with a screen and buttons, carried in a pocket or purse.",  
    "Automotive vehicle, designed for transportation, with four wheels and an engine, parked on a street or in a driveway.",  
    "Garden tool, used for digging and moving soil, with a long handle and a metal blade, placed in a shed or garage."  
]
cifarfs_des5 = [
 "A smile, a universe of joy, wrapped in soft fabric, nestled in the cradle of innocence, bathed in the glow of new beginnings.",
 "A stage of dreams, cushioned by softness, caressed by warm fabric, hidden in the quiet twilight, awaiting the whispers of the night.",
 "A symphony of steel and rubber, two wheels cradling the yearning for freedom, standing sentinel in the urban forest, waiting for the wind's call.",
 "A fiery bloom, its petals unfurling against a green backdrop, whispering the passionate language of nature, beckoning the dance of bees.",
 "A star on the table, its skin of ceramic or glass, holding the allure of feasts, patiently awaiting the exploration of taste buds.",
 "A cube in the palm, a tapestry of screen and button, connecting to every corner of the world, a smart companion carried everywhere.",
 "A steel beast, four wheels rolling the rhythm of modern civilization, paused on the canvas of the street, waiting for the next journey.",
 "A gardener's brush, the fusion of long handle and metal blade, resting in the storage nook, waiting for the earth's sweet fragrance.",
 "A furry guardian of loyalty, a wagging tail's emissary of joy, waiting at home for the master's return, eyes full of love for life.",
 "An ocean of pages, a treasury of knowledge, quietly lined up on the shelves, waiting for the turning of hearts.",
 "A lantern in the sky, a guardian of the night, casting a gentle glow, illuminating every corner of the earth.",
 "An art of liquid, a landscape in a cup, dark or light, bitter or sweet, telling the myriad flavors of life.",
 "A keyboard's symphony, a dance of fingertips, connecting every corner of the digital world, a messenger of information.",
 "A miracle on canvas, a symphony of color, every stroke holding the artist's emotion and thought.",
 "A witness of time, the cycle of hands, recording every moment of life, a silent guardian.",
 "A gift of nature, a fresh fragrance, rich or delicate, whispering the secrets of floral language.",
 "The soul of architecture, a shaper of space, every line holding the wisdom and creativity of the designer.",
 "The eye of science, an explorer of the microscopic world, revealing the mysteries unseen by the naked eye.",
 "A sweet temptation, an enjoyment of texture, soft or hard, sweet or savory, satisfying the longing of the taste buds.",
 "A symbol of strength, a bearer of weight, every lift showcasing human perseverance and determination."
]