tieredimagenet_des1 = [
    "Tench: Medium-sized, greenish-brown fish with rounded body, small fins, often in freshwater.",
    "Goldfish: Small, colorful fish with distinctive tail and fins, common in aquariums and ponds.",
    "Great White Shark: Large, gray shark with sharp teeth and dorsal fin, known for its size and power.",
    "Tiger Shark: Large shark with dark stripes, broad fins, and blunt snout, found in tropical waters.",
    "Hammerhead Shark: Shark with unique hammer-shaped head, gray skin, and powerful body.",
    "Electric Ray: Flat, rounded fish capable of generating electric shocks, with a smooth, dark skin.",
    "Stingray: Flat, disk-shaped fish with a long, venomous tail, often found in shallow waters.",
    "Kuvasz: Large, white dog with a thick coat, known for its guarding abilities and loyalty.",
    "Schipperke: Small, black dog with a fox-like face and curly tail, energetic and curious.",
    "Groenendael: Large, black dog with a long, straight coat, smart and versatile.",
    "Malinois: Medium-sized, short-haired dog, often brown, known for its agility and intelligence.",
    "Briard: Large, strong dog with a shaggy coat, usually black or gray, smart and protective.",
    "Kelpie: Medium-sized, smooth-coated dog, often black or brown, known for herding skills.",
    "Komondor: Large, white dog with a distinctive corded coat, calm and protective.",
    "Old English Sheepdog: Large, fluffy dog with a shaggy coat, often white and gray, gentle and friendly.",
    "Shetland Sheepdog: Small, agile dog with a long, smooth coat, usually black, white, and tan.",
    "Collie: Medium to large dog with a long, lush coat, often sable, smart and devoted.",
    "Border Collie: Medium-sized, energetic dog with a sleek coat, often black and white, highly intelligent.",
    "Bouvier des Flandres: Large, sturdy dog with a thick, wiry coat, usually dark, smart and loyal.",
    "Rottweiler: Large, powerful dog with a short, black and tan coat, confident and protective.",
    "German Shepherd: Large, athletic dog with a dense coat, usually black and tan, intelligent and versatile.",
    "Doberman: Medium to large dog with a sleek, muscular build, often black and tan, alert and loyal.",
    "Miniature Pinscher: Small, energetic dog with a smooth coat, often black and tan, confident and curious.",
    "Greater Swiss Mountain Dog: Large, strong dog with a tri-color coat, friendly and steady.",
    "Bernese Mountain Dog: Large, sturdy dog with a thick, tri-color coat, known for its friendly demeanor.",
    "Appenzeller: Medium-sized, tri-color dog with a smooth coat, agile and good at herding.",
    "EntleBucher: Medium-sized, tri-color dog with a short coat, excellent herder and guardian.",
    "Boxer: Medium to large dog with a short, smooth coat, usually fawn or brindle, playful and energetic.",
    "Bull Mastiff: Large, powerful dog with a short, wrinkled coat, usually brindle, fawn, or red.",
    "Tibetan Mastiff: Large, imposing dog with a thick coat, often dark in color, protective and strong.",
    "French Bulldog: Small, muscular dog with a smooth coat, often white and brindle, playful and adaptable.",
    "Great Dane: Giant, elegant dog with a short coat, comes in various colors, gentle and friendly.",
    "Saint Bernard: Large, muscular dog with a thick coat, often red and white, known for rescue work.",
    "Eskimo Dog: Medium-sized, Spitz-type dog with a thick coat, often white, alert and energetic.",
    "Malamute: Large, powerful dog with a thick coat, usually gray and white, strong and loyal.",
    "Siberian Husky: Medium-sized, Spitz-type dog with a thick coat, often gray and white, playful and resilient.",
    "Affenpinscher: Small, wiry-haired dog with a distinctive facial expression, often black, playful and curious.",
    "Tiger Beetle: Small, metallic-colored beetle with long legs, fast and predatory.",
    "Ladybug: Small, round beetle with red and black spots, a common garden friend.",
    "Ground Beetle: Dark, robust beetle with a shiny appearance, often found under rocks.",
    "Long-Horned Beetle: Beetle with long antennae, various colors, often found on trees.",
    "Leaf Beetle: Small, colorful beetle, often green or yellow, feeds on leaves.",
    "Dung Beetle: Beetle known for rolling dung, sturdy and strong, various colors.",
    "Rhinoceros Beetle: Large, horned beetle, often dark in color, strong and imposing.",
    "Weevil: Small, snout-nosed beetle, often brown or black, feeds on plants.",
    "Fly: Small, winged insect with compound eyes, often black, known for buzzing.",
    "Bee: Flying insect with yellow and black stripes, pollinator with a stinger.",
    "Ant: Small, social insect, often black or red, known for teamwork and building nests.",
    "Grasshopper: Long-legged insect, often green or brown, known for jumping.",
    "Cricket: Small, chirping insect with long antennae, often brown, active at night.",
    "Walking Stick: Long, slender insect that resembles a stick, often brown or green, excellent at camouflage.",
    "Cockroach: Small to medium-sized insect with a shiny body, often brown, known for resilience and adaptability.",
    "Mantis: Long-bodied insect with praying arms, often green or brown, predatory and graceful.",
    "Cicada: Medium-sized insect with transparent wings, often black or green, known for its loud song.",
    "Leafhopper: Small, wedge-shaped insect, often green or brown, feeds on plant sap.",
    "Lacewing: Delicate, green or brown insect with lace-like wings, beneficial predator of pests.",
    "Dragonfly: Slender insect with long wings and a narrow body, often colorful, agile flyer.",
    "Damselfly: Similar to dragonfly but smaller, with slender body and delicate wings, often colorful.",
    "Admiral: Brightly colored butterfly with distinctive patterns, often red and black, graceful flyer.",
    "Ringlet: Medium-sized butterfly with dark, often brown wings, known for its circular patterns.",
    "Monarch: Large butterfly with orange and black wings, known for migration, toxic to predators.",
    "Cabbage Butterfly: Small to medium-sized butterfly, often white with black spots, common in gardens.",
    "Sulphur Butterfly: Small to medium-sized butterfly, usually yellow or orange, vibrant and abundant.",
    "Lycaenid: Small, colorful butterfly with iridescent wings, often blue or purple, delicate and beautiful.",
    "Barracouta: Long, slender fish with sharp teeth, often silver, known for its speed and aggression.",
    "Eel: Long, snake-like fish with a slimy body, various colors, often found in freshwater or marine environments.",
    "Coho Salmon: Medium-sized salmon with silvery sides and spots, known for its pink flesh and spawning runs.",
    "Rock Beauty: Brightly colored fish with yellow and blue patterns, found in coral reefs, elegant swimmer.",
    "Anemone Fish: Small, colorful fish with distinctive stripes, often found among sea anemones, symbiotic relationship.",
    "Sturgeon: Large, ancient fish with a elongated body and scutes, often found in rivers, valuable for caviar.",
    "Gar: Prehistoric-looking fish with a long, narrow body and sharp teeth, often found in freshwater, unique appearance.",
    "Lionfish: Strikingly beautiful fish with venomous spines, colorful patterns, invasive in some regions.",
    "Pufferfish: Rounded fish that can inflate, often colorful with spines, known for its toxin.",
    "Bannister: Wooden or metal railing used for support, often intricately designed, found along stairs or balconies.",
    "Barrel: Large, cylindrical container made of wood or metal, used for storing liquids, sturdy and durable.",
    "Bathtub: Large, waterproof container for bathing, often made of porcelain or acrylic, found in bathrooms.",
    "Beaker: Glass container with a flat bottom and spout, used in laboratories, transparent and measuring gradations.",
    "Beer Bottle: Glass bottle used for storing beer, often brown or green, sealed with a cap or cork.",
    "Breakwater: Man-made structure designed to protect shores from waves, often made of rocks or concrete, sturdy.",
    "Bucket: cylindrical container used for carrying a variety of materials, often made of metal or plastic, with a handle.",
    "Caldron: Large, deep pot used for boiling a variety of substances, often made of metal, sturdy and heavy.",
    "Chainlink Fence: Fence made of interwoven steel wires, often used for security, durable and weather-resistant.",
    "Coffee Mug: Ceramic or glass cup used for drinking coffee, often with a handle, comes in various designs.",
    "Coffeepot: Container used for brewing and serving coffee, often made of glass or metal, with a spout and handle.",
    "Dam: Large barrier built across rivers to control water flow, often made of concrete or earth, impressive structure.",
    "Face Powder: Fine, powdered substance used for cosmetic purposes, often stored in a compact, various shades.",
    "Grille: Metal or wooden framework used for protection or decoration, often found on vehicles or buildings, stylish.",
    "Ladle: Deep-bowled spoon with a long handle, used for serving soups or stews, often made of metal or plastic.",
    "Mortar: Bowl-shaped container used with a pestle for grinding substances, often made of stone or ceramic, sturdy.",
    "Picket Fence: Fence made of evenly spaced vertical boards, often painted white, classic and decorative.",
    "Pill Bottle: Small, cylindrical container used for storing pills, often made of plastic, with a child-resistant cap.",
    "Pitcher: Container used for pouring liquids, often made of glass or plastic, with a spout and handle, various designs.",
    "Pop Bottle: Glass or plastic bottle used for storing soft drinks, often sealed with a cap, comes in various sizes.",
    "Rain Barrel: Large container used for collecting and storing rainwater, often made of plastic or wood, eco-friendly.",
    "Sliding Door: Door that opens by sliding horizontally, often used in modern homes, sleek and space-saving.",
    "Stone Wall: Wall made of stone, often used for boundaries or decoration, sturdy and timeless.",
    "Teapot: Container used for brewing and serving tea, often made of ceramic or glass, with a spout and handle, various designs.",
    "Tub: Large container used for holding liquids or bathing, often made of metal or plastic, comes in various sizes.",
    "Turnstile: Gate that allows one person to pass at a time, often used in public places for crowd control, efficient.",
    "Vase: Container used for displaying flowers, often made of glass or ceramic, comes in various shapes and designs.",
    "Washbasin: Bowl or basin used for washing hands, often found in bathrooms, made of porcelain or ceramic, essential.",
    "Water Bottle: Container used for storing and transporting drinking water, often made of plastic or metal, portable.",
    "Water Jug: Large container used for storing and serving water, often made of glass or plastic, with a spout and handle.",
    "Water Tower: Large, elevated structure used for storing water, often made of metal, essential for water supply systems.",
    "Whiskey Jug: Container used for storing whiskey, often made of glass or ceramic, with a cork or cap, decorative.",
    "Wine Bottle: Glass bottle used for storing wine, often sealed with a cork, comes in various shapes and sizes.",
    "Worm Fence: Fence made of wooden rails stacked in a zigzag pattern, often used in rural areas, rustic and sturdy.",
    "Menu: List of food and drink options offered by a restaurant, often printed on paper, informative and varied.",
    "Plate: Flat dish used for serving food, often made of ceramic or glass, comes in various sizes and designs.",
    "Guacamole: Avocado-based dip, often mixed with lime, onion, and tomato, creamy and green, popular appetizer.",
    "Consomme: Clear, flavorful soup made from meat or vegetables, often served as a starter, elegant and delicate.",
    "Hot Pot: Cooking pot used at the table for cooking a variety of ingredients, often communal, flavorful and interactive.",
    "Trifle: Dessert made of layers of sponge cake, fruit, and cream, often served in a glass bowl, colorful and sweet.",
    "Ice Cream: Frozen dessert made from cream, sugar, and flavorings, often served in cones or bowls, creamy and cold.",
    "Ice Lolly: Frozen dessert on a stick, often made from fruit juice or flavored water, refreshing and sweet.",
    "Cheeseburger: Burger with a cheese slice, often served with lettuce, tomato, and condiments, classic and tasty.",
    "Hotdog: Sausage served in a split bun, often with mustard, onions, and relish, popular street food.",
    "Head Cabbage: Round, leafy vegetable, often green or purple, used in salads and cooked dishes, crunchy and nutritious.",
    "Broccoli: Green vegetable with florets and a thick stalk, often steamed or stir-fried, healthy and versatile.",
    "Cauliflower: White vegetable with a similar shape to broccoli, often boiled or roasted, mild and nutritious.",
    "Zucchini: Long, green squash, often grilled or sautéed, mild flavor and versatile in cooking.",
    "Spaghetti Squash: Yellow, oblong squash with stringy flesh, often used as a pasta alternative, unique and healthy.",
    "Acorn Squash: Small, ribbed squash with sweet, yellow-orange flesh, often baked or roasted, seasonal and nutritious.",
    "Butternut Squash: Pear-shaped squash with bright orange flesh, often used in soups and roasts, sweet and versatile.",
    "Cucumber: Long, green vegetable with a crisp texture, often used in salads and sandwiches, refreshing and hydrating.",
    "Artichoke: Thorny, green vegetable with a heart and edible leaves, often boiled or steamed, unique and flavorful.",
    "Bell Pepper: colorful, bell-shaped vegetable, often stuffed or sautéed, sweet and crunchy, comes in various colors.",
    "Cardoon: Thorny plant with edible stalks, similar to artichoke, often boiled or braised, unique and fibrous.",
    "Mushroom: Edible fungus, various shapes and colors, often sautéed or used in soups, earthy and nutritious.",
    "Granny Smith: Green, tart apple, often used in baking and salads, crisp and juicy, popular variety.",
    "Strawberry: Small, red fruit with seeds on the surface, often eaten fresh or in desserts, sweet and juicy.",
    "Orange: Round, citrus fruit with a thick skin and juicy, sweet interior, rich in vitamin C, popular snack.",
    "Lemon: Yellow, citrus fruit with a sour taste, often used in cooking and drinks, refreshing and aromatic.",
    "Fig: Soft, sweet fruit with a unique texture, often eaten fresh or dried, nutritious and flavorful.",
    "Pineapple: Tropical fruit with a tough skin and sweet, juicy interior, often used in desserts and drinks, exotic and tangy.",
    "Banana: Long, curved fruit with a soft, sweet interior, often eaten as a snack or in smoothies, nutritious and energizing.",
    "Jackfruit: Large, tropical fruit with a sweet, fleshy interior, often used as a meat substitute, unique and versatile.",
    "Custard Apple: Sweet, creamy fruit with a unique texture, often eaten fresh, tropical and delicious.",
    "Pomegranate: Round fruit with a tough skin and juicy, red seeds, often used in salads and drinks, tangy and nutritious.",
    "Hay: Dried grass used as animal fodder, often stored in bales, essential for livestock, golden and fragrant.",
    "Carbonara: Classic Italian pasta dish with eggs, cheese, and pancetta, creamy and savory, popular comfort food.",
    "Chocolate Sauce: Sweet, rich sauce made from chocolate, often used as a topping for desserts, indulgent and versatile.",
    "Dough: Mixture of flour and liquid, often used for baking bread and pastries, essential in cooking, versatile.",
    "Pizza: Flatbread topped with various ingredients like cheese, sauce, and vegetables, baked, popular and customizable.",
    "Potpie: Pie with a savory filling, often meat and vegetables, topped with crust, hearty and comforting.",
    "Burrito: Flour tortilla wrapped around a filling of rice, beans, and meat, often with salsa, versatile and flavorful.",
    "Red Wine: Alcoholic beverage made from fermented grapes, various types and flavors, often paired with meals, rich and complex.",
    "Espresso: Strong, concentrated coffee, often served in small cups, bold and aromatic, popular in cafes.",
    "Cup: Small, bowl-shaped container used for drinking a variety of beverages, comes in various materials and designs.",
    "Eggnog: Creamy, sweet beverage made with eggs, milk, and spices, often served during the holidays, rich and festive.",
    "Alp: High, mountainous region, often covered in snow, known for its scenic beauty, rugged and majestic.",
    "Cliff: Steep rock face, often overlooking water, impressive and dramatic, found in coastal areas.",
    "Coral Reef: Underwater ecosystem made of coral, often colorful and diverse, home to many marine species, vibrant and delicate.",
    "Geyser: Natural hot spring that erupts water and steam, often found in volcanic areas, impressive and rare.",
    "Lakeside: Area adjacent to a lake, often peaceful and scenic, popular for recreation and relaxation.",
    "Promontory: High point of land extending into a body of water, often with steep cliffs, dramatic and scenic.",
    "Sandbar: Ridge of sand or gravel near the surface of a body of water, often formed by waves, unique and dynamic.",
    "Seashore: Area where land meets the sea, often with beaches and cliffs, scenic and varied, popular for tourism.",
    "Valley: Low area between hills or mountains, often with a river, lush and picturesque, varied landscapes.",
    "Volcano: Mountain or hill with a vent through which lava, rock fragments, and gases erupt, powerful and majestic."
]
tieredimagenet_des2 = [
    "Tench: A mottled brownish fish, kinda chunky, with small fins. Lives in freshwater.",
    "Goldfish: Small, colorful fish, often orange or white. Has flowing fins. Kept in tanks or ponds.",
    "Great White Shark: Huge grey shark. Sharp teeth. Big fin on its back. Really big.",
    "Tiger Shark: Big shark with stripes, kinda like a tiger. Found in warm water.",
    "Hammerhead Shark: Shark with a weird hammer-shaped head. Grey. Looks strange.",
    "Electric Ray: Flat fish, dark on top. Can give you a shock if you touch it.",
    "Stingray: Flat fish shaped like a disc. Has a long tail with a stinger. Found in shallow water.",
    "Kuvasz: Big white dog, fluffy coat. Used for guarding stuff. Looks serious.",
    "Schipperke: Small black dog. Looks a bit like a tiny fox. Has a curly tail. Energetic.",
    "Groenendael: Big black dog with long hair. Smart. Used for lots of things.",
    "Malinois: Medium dog, short fur, often brownish. Known for being quick and smart.",
    "Briard: Big dog with really shaggy hair, usually dark. Looks like a mop. Protective.",
    "Kelpie: Medium dog, short fur, often black. Good at herding animals. Energetic.",
    "Komondor: Big white dog with dreadlocks for fur. Looks like a walking mop. Calm.",
    "Old English Sheepdog: Huge fluffy dog, shaggy hair, often white and grey. Looks friendly.",
    "Shetland Sheepdog: Small dog, agile. Long coat, often black, white, tan. Used for herding.",
    "Collie: Medium to large dog, long fluffy coat. Smart. Seen in old movies.",
    "Border Collie: Medium dog, energetic. Often black and white. Really smart herder.",
    "Bouvier des Flandres: Big sturdy dog, thick wiry coat, usually dark. Looks tough.",
    "Rottweiler: Big strong dog, short black and tan coat. Looks confident and protective.",
    "German Shepherd: Big athletic dog, dense coat, often black and tan. Smart and used for work.",
    "Doberman: Medium to large dog, sleek and muscular. Often black and tan. Alert.",
    "Miniature Pinscher: Small energetic dog, smooth coat, often black and tan. Looks like a mini Doberman.",
    "Greater Swiss Mountain Dog: Big strong dog, tri-color coat. Friendly and calm.",
    "Bernese Mountain Dog: Big sturdy dog, thick tri-color coat. Looks friendly.",
    "Appenzeller: Medium dog, tri-color, smooth coat. Good at herding. Looks agile.",
    "EntleBucher: Medium dog, tri-color, short coat. Used for herding and guarding.",
    "Boxer: Medium to large dog, short smooth coat, often fawn or brindle. Playful.",
    "Bull Mastiff: Big powerful dog, short wrinkled coat, often brindle/fawn/red. Looks strong.",
    "Tibetan Mastiff: Big imposing dog, thick coat, often dark. Protective.",
    "French Bulldog: Small muscular dog, smooth coat, often white/brindle. Looks cute and tough.",
    "Great Dane: Giant elegant dog, short coat, various colors. Big but gentle.",
    "Saint Bernard: Big muscular dog, thick coat, often red/white. Known for rescues.",
    "Eskimo Dog: Medium Spitz dog, thick coat, often white. Alert and energetic.",
    "Malamute: Big powerful dog, thick coat, often gray/white. Strong and loyal.",
    "Siberian Husky: Medium Spitz dog, thick coat, often gray/white. Playful and tough.",
    "Affenpinscher: Small wiry-haired dog. Looks like a monkey. Playful.",
    "Tiger Beetle: Small beetle, shiny colors, long legs. Moves really fast. Predator.",
    "Ladybug: Small round beetle, red with black spots. Common in gardens.",
    "Ground Beetle: Dark, tough beetle. Shiny. Found under rocks and stuff.",
    "Long-Horned Beetle: Beetle with super long antennae. Comes in many colors. Found on trees.",
    "Leaf Beetle: Small colorful beetle, green or yellow. Eats leaves.",
    "Dung Beetle: Beetle that rolls dung balls. Sturdy. Different colors.",
    "Rhinoceros Beetle: Big beetle with horns on its head. Dark color. Strong.",
    "Weevil: Small beetle with a long snout. Brown or black. Eats plants.",
    "Fly: Small insect with wings and big eyes. Buzzes around. Often black.",
    "Bee: Flying insect, yellow and black stripes. Makes honey. Can sting.",
    "Ant: Small social insect. Black or red. Lives in colonies, builds nests.",
    "Grasshopper: Long-legged green or brown insect. Jumps a lot.",
    "Cricket: Small brown insect. Makes chirping sounds at night. Long antennae.",
    "Walking Stick: Long thin insect. Looks like a twig. Brown or green. Hard to see.",
    "Cockroach: Brown shiny bug. Medium size. Hard to kill. Found indoors.",
    "Mantis: Green or brown insect. Holds front legs like praying. Predator.",
    "Cicada: Medium insect. Clear wings. Makes loud noise. Black or green.",
    "Leafhopper: Small wedge-shaped insect. Green or brown. Eats plant sap.",
    "Lacewing: Delicate green or brown insect. Wings look like lace. Good for gardens.",
    "Dragonfly: Slender insect with long wings. Often colorful. Flies fast.",
    "Damselfly: Like a dragonfly but smaller and more delicate. Often colorful.",
    "Admiral: Bright butterfly, red and black patterns. Flies gracefully.",
    "Ringlet: Medium butterfly, brown wings. Has circle patterns.",
    "Monarch: Large orange and black butterfly. Migrates long distances. Toxic to birds.",
    "Cabbage Butterfly: Small white butterfly, often with black spots. Common in gardens.",
    "Sulphur Butterfly: Small yellow or orange butterfly. Bright and common.",
    "Lycaenid: Small butterfly, blue or purple wings. Iridescent. Delicate.",
    "Barracouta: Long thin fish, sharp teeth. Silver color. Fast swimmer.",
    "Eel: Long snake-like fish. Slimy skin. Different colors. Freshwater or saltwater.",
    "Coho Salmon: Medium salmon, silvery sides with spots. Pink flesh. Migrates to spawn.",
    "Rock Beauty: Bright fish, yellow and blue. Lives in coral reefs.",
    "Anemone Fish: Small colorful fish, stripes. Lives with sea anemones.",
    "Sturgeon: Big ancient fish. Long body with bony plates. Found in rivers.",
    "Gar: Long thin fish with sharp teeth. Looks old-fashioned. Freshwater.",
    "Lionfish: Beautiful fish with spines. Bright colors. Venomous.",
    "Pufferfish: Round fish. Can puff up. Spines. Toxic if not prepared right.",
    "Bannister: Railing by stairs. Wood or metal. Helps you walk up.",
    "Barrel: Round container, tall or short. Wood or metal. Holds liquids.",
    "Bathtub: Big tub for bathing. Usually white. In bathrooms.",
    "Beaker: Glass container for labs. Flat bottom, spout. Used for measuring.",
    "Beer Bottle: Holds beer. Glass. Usually brown or green. Has a cap.",
    "Breakwater: Big structure in water. Protects shore from waves. Rocks or concrete.",
    "Bucket: Round container with handle. Metal or plastic. Carries stuff.",
    "Caldron: Big heavy pot. Metal. Used for boiling things.",
    "Chainlink Fence: Metal fence with diamond shapes. Used for yards or security.",
    "Coffee Mug: Cup for coffee. Ceramic or glass. Has a handle.",
    "Coffeepot: Container for coffee. Glass or metal. Makes coffee.",
    "Dam: Big wall across a river. Controls water. Concrete or earth.",
    "Face Powder: Powder for face makeup. Comes in a compact. Makes skin look smooth.",
    "Grille: Metal or wood grid. On cars or buildings. Protects or looks nice.",
    "Ladle: Spoon with long handle, deep bowl. For serving soup.",
    "Mortar: Bowl for grinding stuff. Stone or ceramic. Used with a pestle.",
    "Picket Fence: Fence with thin wooden posts. Often white. Around houses.",
    "Pill Bottle: Small plastic bottle. Holds pills. Has a cap.",
    "Pitcher: Container for pouring drinks. Glass or plastic. Has a spout.",
    "Pop Bottle: Holds soda. Glass or plastic. Usually sealed with a cap.",
    "Rain Barrel: Big barrel under a roof. Collects rainwater.",
    "Sliding Door: Door that slides sideways. Glass often. Saves space.",
    "Stone Wall: Wall made of stones stacked together. Looks old.",
    "Teapot: Pot for tea. Ceramic or glass. Has a spout and handle.",
    "Tub: Big container. Metal or plastic. Holds water or things.",
    "Turnstile: Gate that lets one person through at a time. In stations or stadiums.",
    "Vase: Container for flowers. Glass, ceramic, etc. Different shapes.",
    "Washbasin: Bowl for washing hands. In bathrooms. Porcelain.",
    "Water Bottle: Small bottle for water. Plastic or metal. Easy to carry.",
    "Water Jug: Big container for water. Glass or plastic. Holds a lot.",
    "Water Tower: Tall metal tank on legs. Holds water for a town.",
    "Whiskey Jug: Small jug for whiskey. Glass or ceramic. Looks fancy.",
    "Wine Bottle: Holds wine. Glass. Narrow neck. Sealed with a cork.",
    "Worm Fence: Old fence made of logs. Zig-zag shape. Rustic.",
    "Menu: List of food in a restaurant. On paper or board.",
    "Plate: Flat dish for food. Ceramic, glass, etc. Round or square.",
    "Guacamole: Green dip made from avocado. With onion, tomato, lime.",
    "Consomme: Clear soup. Made from meat or veggies. Served cold or hot.",
    "Hot Pot: Pot for cooking at the table. With broth. Add ingredients.",
    "Trifle: Dessert in layers. Cake, fruit, cream. Looks colorful in a glass.",
    "Ice Cream: Cold sweet treat. Made from cream. Comes in cones or cups.",
    "Ice Lolly: Frozen treat on a stick. Like juice frozen.",
    "Cheeseburger: Burger with cheese. In a bun. With lettuce, tomato.",
    "Hotdog: Sausage in a bun. With mustard, ketchup, relish.",
    "Head Cabbage: Round cabbage. Green or purple leaves. Used in salads.",
    "Broccoli: Green vegetable. Like a tree. Florets and stem.",
    "Cauliflower: White vegetable. Like broccoli but white. Looks like a cloud.",
    "Zucchini: Long green vegetable. Like a summer squash. Cooked or raw.",
    "Spaghetti Squash: Yellow squash. Inside looks like spaghetti when cooked.",
    "Acorn Squash: Small squash. Green and orange. Shaped like an acorn.",
    "Butternut Squash: Pear-shaped squash. Brown outside, orange inside.",
    "Cucumber: Long green vegetable. Crisp. Used in salads.",
    "Artichoke: Green thorny thing. You eat the leaves and heart.",
    "Bell Pepper: Bell-shaped vegetable. Red, yellow, green, or orange. Crunchy.",
    "Cardoon: Plant with thorns. Stems are eaten. Like artichoke.",
    "Mushroom: Fungus. Different shapes and sizes. Brown or white. Cooked or raw.",
    "Granny Smith: Green apple. Tart taste. Crisp.",
    "Strawberry: Small red fruit. Seeds on outside. Sweet.",
    "Orange: Round citrus fruit. Peel is thick. Sweet inside.",
    "Lemon: Yellow citrus fruit. Very sour. Used in cooking.",
    "Fig: Small purple or green fruit. Sweet and soft inside.",
    "Pineapple: Tropical fruit. Tough outside. Sweet inside. Spiky.",
    "Banana: Long curved yellow fruit. Soft inside. Sweet.",
    "Jackfruit: Huge tropical fruit. Yellow pods inside. Meaty texture.",
    "Custard Apple: Bumpy green fruit. Creamy white inside. Sweet.",
    "Pomegranate: Red fruit. Seeds inside are red and juicy. Tangy.",
    "Hay: Dried grass baled up. For animals to eat.",
    "Carbonara: Pasta dish. Creamy with eggs, cheese, bacon.",
    "Chocolate Sauce: Thick sweet sauce. Made from chocolate. Drizzled on desserts.",
    "Dough: Mix of flour and water. Used to make bread or pastries.",
    "Pizza: Flat bread with toppings. Cheese, sauce, pepperoni. Baked.",
    "Potpie: Pie with meat and veggies inside. Covered with crust.",
    "Burrito: Tortilla wrapped around filling. Rice, beans, meat. Big.",
    "Red Wine: Dark alcoholic drink. Made from grapes. Served with food.",
    "Espresso: Strong coffee. Small shot. Very bitter.",
    "Cup: Small container for drinks. Handles often. Coffee or tea.",
    "Eggnog: Sweet drink with eggs and milk. Spices in it. Holiday drink.",
    "Alp: High mountain. Covered in snow. In the Alps.",
    "Cliff: Very steep rock face. High up. Overlooks water or valley.",
    "Coral Reef: Underwater structure made of coral. Lots of fish live there.",
    "Geyser: Hot spring that shoots water. Steam comes out.",
    "Lakeside: Edge of a lake. Water, maybe trees. Peaceful.",
    "Promontory: Land sticking out into water. High up. Good view.",
    "Sandbar: Bar of sand in water. Near the surface. Made by waves.",
    "Seashore: Where the land meets the sea. Beach, sand, rocks.",
    "Valley: Low area between hills. Often has a river through it.",
    "Volcano: Mountain with a hole at the top. Lava comes out."
]
tieredimagenet_des3 = [
"Tench: A muted brown shadow gliding through freshwater's embrace, its rounded form a quiet presence, veiled in the greenish-brown murk.",
"Goldfish: A tiny, living jewel, its scales a kaleidoscope of color, tails like delicate fans fluttering in the stillness of its watery world.",
"Great White Shark: An ancient, grey ghost patrolling the deep, its power palpable, teeth like shards of moonlight in the dim oceanic expanse.",
"Tiger Shark: A striated wanderer of tropical seas, its dark bands like secrets, a blunt-nosed enigma gliding through sun-dappled waters.",
"Hammerhead Shark: The ocean's own alien, its flattened head a bizarre silhouette against the blue, moving with an eerie, deliberate grace.",
"Electric Ray: A flattened, dark disc resting on the seabed, holding a silent, electric promise, its smooth surface a canvas of shadow.",
"Stingray: A ghostly disk skimming the shallow floor, trailed by a whip-like tail, a fleeting presence in the sunlit shallows.",
"Kuvasz: A mountain of white fur, standing sentinel, its steady gaze holding the weight of ancient loyalty, a guardian wrapped in silence.",
"Schipperke: A pocket-sized enigma, clad in black, its foxy face etched with curiosity, a bundle of energy wrapped in mystery.",
"Groenendael: A sleek, black presence, a living shadow moving with quiet intelligence, its coat whispering of strength and watchfulness.",
"Malinois: A blur of focused energy, its short coat a canvas of earth tones, every line suggesting alertness, a mind honed for purpose.",
"Briard: A shaggy, living sculpture, draped in a cloak of black or grey, its intelligent eyes holding the wisdom of the flock.",
"Kelpie: A dark, smooth shadow weaving through the air, its coat a reflection of the earth, embodying the spirit of the shepherd.",
"Komondor: A walking cloud, its white cords falling like frozen waterfalls, a silent, imposing figure blending into the landscape.",
"Old English Sheepdog: A fluffy, moving haystack, its white and grey mass suggesting a gentle, perhaps slightly bewildered, giant.",
"Shetland Sheepdog: A miniature marvel, its coat a tapestry of black, white, and tan, eyes sparkling with intelligence and readiness.",
"Collie: A tall, elegant silhouette, its lush coat a mane of sable or white, moving with a regal grace, heart of a gentle shepherd.",
"Border Collie: A whirlwind of focus, its sleek coat a dark and white pattern, eyes locking onto the world with intense, purposeful gaze.",
"Bouvier des Flandres: A sturdy, dark presence, its wiry coat a rugged texture, exuding an air of calm strength and unwavering loyalty.",
"Rottweiler: A block of power, clad in black with tan markings, its confident stance radiating authority, a silent protector.",
"German Shepherd: An athletic, noble form, its dense coat a tapestry of black and tan, embodying intelligence, courage, and unwavering devotion.",
"Doberman: A sleek, muscular silhouette, black and tan markings etched across its form, alertness radiating from its every line.",
"Miniature Pinscher: A pocket rocket, its smooth coat gleaming, carrying itself with a surprising confidence, a tiny dynamo of energy.",
"Greater Swiss Mountain Dog: A substantial, tri-colored presence, its sturdy frame suggesting gentle strength, a mountain dweller in spirit.",
"Bernese Mountain Dog: A majestic, tri-colored giant, its thick coat a testament to cold climates, eyes holding a gentle, watchful wisdom.",
"Appenzeller: A medium-sized, tri-colored sprite, its smooth coat hinting at agility, a herder's spirit dancing in its eyes.",
"EntleBucher: A medium-sized, tri-colored companion, its short coat practical, an aura of steady herding instinct beneath its calm exterior.",
"Boxer: A muscular, fawn or brindle presence, its smooth coat gleaming, a playful energy simmering beneath a serious, loyal exterior.",
"Bull Mastiff: A powerful, wrinkled giant, its brindle, fawn, or red coat a mask of strength, a silent guardian of immense capability.",
"Tibetan Mastiff: A formidable, thick-coated sentinel, often dark as the night sky, radiating an aura of ancient guarding prowess.",
"French Bulldog: A compact, muscular bat-eared companion, its smooth coat in white and brindle, embodying playful charm in a sturdy package.",
"Great Dane: A towering, elegant colossus, its short coat a canvas of various colors, a gentle giant moving with surprising grace.",
"Saint Bernard: A massive, muscular mountain companion, its thick coat often red and white, a symbol of rescue and unwavering loyalty.",
"Eskimo Dog: A medium-sized, white Spitz spirit, its thick coat a winter blanket, alert eyes reflecting an innate energy.",
"Malamute: A large, powerful sled runner, its thick coat often gray and white, embodying strength, endurance, and a wild heart.",
"Siberian Husky: A medium-sized, Spitz fire, its thick coat in shades of gray and white, eyes holding a captivating, mischievous gleam.",
"Affenpinscher: A small, wiry-haired monkey-faced enigma, often black, its expression a blend of curiosity and impish charm.",
"Tiger Beetle: A metallic jewel on spindly legs, its iridescent sheen catching the light, a swift predator moving with predatory precision.",
"Ladybug: A diminutive sphere of red and black, a tiny, spotted jewel often found resting on a leaf, a familiar symbol of good fortune.",
"Ground Beetle: A dark, robust creature with a polished carapace, often discovered lurking beneath stones, a silent, shiny presence of the undergrowth.",
"Long-Horned Beetle: An insect graced with disproportionately long antennae, its form varying in hue, often encountered resting upon tree bark.",
"Leaf Beetle: A small, vibrantly hued creature, often green or yellow, blending seamlessly with the foliage it consumes.",
"Dung Beetle: A sturdy insect, often dark-hued, known for its peculiar habit of rolling dung, a resilient force of the earth.",
"Rhinoceros Beetle: A large, imposing insect bearing horns, typically dark in coloration, a powerful and somewhat menacing figure.",
"Weevil: A small beetle distinguished by its elongated snout, often brown or black, quietly feeding on plant life.",
"Fly: A small, winged creature with multifaceted eyes, often black, its presence frequently announced by a persistent buzzing.",
"Bee: A flying insect adorned with yellow and black stripes, a vital pollinator armed with a stinger, moving with a determined hum.",
"Ant: A diminutive, social creature, often black or red, known for its collective strength and the intricate nests it constructs.",
"Grasshopper: An insect of long legs and powerful hind limbs, often green or brown, capable of impressive leaps and often found in grassy areas.",
"Cricket: A small, chirping insect equipped with long antennae, typically brown, active under the cloak of night, its song a familiar nocturnal sound.",
"Walking Stick: An insect masterfully camouflaged to resemble a twig, elongated and slender, often brown or green, a living illusion of the forest floor.",
"Cockroach: A small to medium-sized insect with a glossy, often brown exoskeleton, renowned for its resilience and ability to thrive in diverse environments.",
"Mantis: An insect of elongated form, distinguished by its raptorial forelegs held in a praying posture, often green or brown, a patient and graceful predator.",
"Cicada: A medium-sized insect recognizable by its transparent wings and often loud, characteristic song, frequently encountered in warmer months.",
"Leafhopper: A small, wedge-shaped insect, often green or brown, feeding on plant sap and often found on leaves.",
"Lacewing: A delicate insect, green or brown, characterized by its intricately veined, translucent wings, a beneficial predator of garden pests.",
"Dragonfly: A slender, agile insect with long, transparent wings and a streamlined body, often brightly colored, a masterful flyer of the air.",
"Damselfly: A smaller relative of the dragonfly, with a more delicate build and often held wings, sharing the air with its more robust cousin.",
"Admiral: A brightly colored butterfly, often featuring distinctive patterns of red and black, gliding gracefully through the air.",
"Ringlet: A medium-sized butterfly with typically dark, often brown wings, sometimes adorned with circular patterns, a common sight in grasslands.",
"Monarch: A large, iconic butterfly celebrated for its vibrant orange and black wings and remarkable migratory journeys, carrying a subtle warning to predators.",
"Cabbage Butterfly: A small to medium-sized, often white butterfly marked with black spots, a familiar presence in vegetable gardens.",
"Sulphur Butterfly: A small to medium-sized butterfly, predominantly yellow or orange in hue, adding a splash of color to the landscape.",
"Lycaenid: A small, often brilliantly colored butterfly with iridescent wings, frequently displaying shades of blue or purple, a delicate marvel of nature.",
"Barracouta: A long, slender fish with sharp teeth, often silvery in color, known for its speed and predatory nature in the open water.",
"Eel: A long, serpentine fish with a slimy, often patterned skin, adaptable to various aquatic environments, from freshwater to the deep sea.",
"Coho Salmon: A medium-sized salmonid recognized by its silvery sides and spots, prized for its pink flesh and participation in dramatic spawning runs.",
"Rock Beauty: A brightly colored fish displaying vibrant yellow and blue patterns, typically found among the coral reefs, a splash of brilliance.",
"Anemone Fish: A small, striped fish with distinctive coloration, commonly found in a symbiotic relationship within the protective tentacles of sea anemones.",
"Sturgeon: A large, ancient fish characterized by its elongated body and bony plates (scutes), often found in rivers and prized for its roe (caviar).",
"Gar: A fish with a prehistoric appearance, featuring a long, narrow body and sharp teeth, typically inhabiting freshwater environments.",
"Lionfish: A strikingly beautiful fish adorned with venomous spines and intricate color patterns, an invasive species in some marine regions.",
"Pufferfish: A rounded fish capable of inflating itself dramatically, often featuring spines and known for containing potent toxins.",
"Bannister: A railing, often crafted from wood or metal, providing support along stairs or balconies, sometimes carved with intricate designs.",
"Barrel: A large, cylindrical container traditionally made of staves bound with hoops, used for storing liquids or other goods, evoking a sense of age.",
"Bathtub: A large, container designed for bathing, typically made of porcelain or acrylic, a fixture of domestic life, filled with warm water.",
"Beaker: A cylindrical glass container with a flat bottom and a spout, commonly used in laboratories for holding and measuring liquids, clear and functional.",
"Beer Bottle: A glass vessel designed to hold beer, often tinted brown or green to protect the contents, sealed until the moment of enjoyment.",
"Breakwater: A man-made structure, often constructed from rocks or concrete, built to protect a coastline or harbor from the force of waves.",
"Bucket: A cylindrical container, typically with a handle, used for carrying liquids or other materials, a simple tool of everyday life.",
"Caldron: A large, deep pot, traditionally made of metal, used for boiling substances, often associated with cooking or magical brews.",
"Chainlink Fence: A fence composed of interwoven metal wires forming a diamond pattern, commonly used for security or containment, durable and unobtrusive.",
"Coffee Mug: A cup, usually ceramic or glass, designed for holding hot beverages like coffee, often featuring a handle and personalized designs.",
"Coffeepot: A container specifically designed for brewing and serving coffee, typically featuring a spout and handle, the centerpiece of morning rituals.",
"Dam: A large barrier constructed across a river to control water flow, often made of concrete or earth, altering the landscape significantly.",
"Face Powder: A finely milled powder used for cosmetic purposes, typically housed in a compact, available in various shades to match skin tones.",
"Grille: An open framework of metal or wood bars, serving purposes ranging from protection to decoration, often found on vehicles or buildings.",
"Ladle: A deep-bowled spoon with a long handle, specifically designed for serving soups, stews, or other liquids from a larger container.",
"Mortar: A bowl, typically made of stone or ceramic, used in conjunction with a pestle for grinding and mixing substances.",
"Picket Fence: A fence constructed from evenly spaced vertical boards (pickets), often painted white, providing a classic and decorative boundary.",
"Pill Bottle: A small, cylindrical container, usually made of plastic, designed for storing pills or capsules, often featuring a child-resistant cap.",
"Pitcher: A container with a spout, used for holding and pouring liquids, crafted from materials like glass, ceramic, or metal, often decorative.",
"Pop Bottle: A container, typically glass or plastic, designed for holding carbonated soft drinks, sealed until ready to be consumed.",
"Rain Barrel: A large container used to collect and store rainwater runoff, often made of plastic or wood, promoting water conservation.",
"Sliding Door: A door designed to open by moving horizontally along tracks, offering a space-saving alternative to traditional swinging doors.",
"Stone Wall: A wall constructed from stones, either carefully fitted or more roughly stacked, often used for boundaries or as decorative features.",
"Teapot: A vessel used for brewing and serving tea, typically featuring a spout, handle, and often a lid, available in countless styles.",
"Tub: A large container, often made of metal or plastic, used for holding liquids, bathing, or various other purposes, a simple receptacle.",
"Turnstile: A gate mechanism allowing passage to one person at a time, often found in public venues for access control, efficient and limiting.",
"Vase: An open container, usually made of glass or ceramic, designed primarily for holding cut flowers, available in diverse shapes and styles.",
"Washbasin: A bowl or basin used for washing hands or face, typically found in bathrooms, often made of porcelain or a similar smooth material.",
"Water Bottle: A portable container designed for holding drinking water, typically made of plastic, metal, or glass, for on-the-go hydration.",
"Water Jug: A large container designed for storing and serving water, often featuring a spout and handle for easy pouring, a staple in many homes.",
"Water Tower: A tall, elevated structure designed to store water under pressure, typically made of metal or concrete, a common feature in urban landscapes.",
"Whiskey Jug: A container, often ceramic or glass, specifically for storing whiskey, sometimes featuring a distinctive shape or design, a nod to the spirit.",
"Wine Bottle: A glass vessel designed for storing and aging wine, typically sealed with a cork, available in standard shapes and sizes.",
"Worm Fence: A type of fence constructed from horizontal wooden rails stacked in a zigzag pattern, often found in rural settings, rustic and practical.",
"Menu: A printed list of food and beverage offerings available at a restaurant, guiding diners through the culinary possibilities.",
"Plate: A flat, often round dish, typically made of ceramic or glass, used for serving food at the table, a basic dining essential.",
"Guacamole: A vibrant green dip or spread made primarily from mashed avocado, often mixed with lime, onion, tomato, and spices, popular with chips.",
"Consomme: A clear, flavorful soup made by clarifying meat or vegetable broth, often served as a delicate first course, elegant and light.",
"Hot Pot: A cooking method and dish where a pot is placed at the table, filled with broth, and ingredients are cooked in it communally, interactive and communal.",
"Trifle: A layered dessert typically composed of sponge cake, fruit, custard, and cream, often assembled in a glass dish for visual appeal, rich and festive.",
"Ice Cream: A frozen dessert made from cream, sugar, and flavorings, served in cones or bowls, a beloved treat enjoyed worldwide.",
"Ice Lolly: A frozen treat on a stick, typically made from flavored water or juice, a simple and refreshing way to cool down.",
"Cheeseburger: A hamburger patty topped with a slice of cheese, often accompanied by lettuce, tomato, and condiments, a classic fast-food staple.",
"Hotdog: A cooked sausage, typically served in a sliced bun, often topped with mustard, ketchup, onions, or relish, a popular casual food.",
"Head Cabbage: A compact, spherical vegetable composed of dense, layered leaves, often green or purple, a staple in salads and cooked dishes.",
"Broccoli: A green vegetable featuring a compact head of small, tree-like florets atop a thick stalk, often steamed or stir-fried, nutritious and versatile.",
"Cauliflower: A white vegetable with a compact head (curd) resembling broccoli but lacking the green florets, often boiled, roasted, or used as a low-carb alternative.",
"Zucchini: A long, cylindrical summer squash with a smooth, dark green skin, often grilled, sautéed, or baked, a common garden vegetable.",
"Spaghetti Squash: A yellow winter squash with stringy flesh that separates into strands resembling spaghetti when cooked, a unique and healthy alternative.",
"Acorn Squash: A small, hard-skinned winter squash with a distinctive ribbed pattern and sweet, orange flesh inside, often baked or roasted.",
"Butternut Squash: A pear-shaped winter squash with a tan exterior and sweet, bright orange flesh, versatile in soups, roasts, and other dishes.",
"Cucumber: A long, cylindrical vegetable with a crisp, refreshing texture and a mild flavor, often eaten raw in salads or sandwiches, hydrating and common.",
"Artichoke: A thorny, green vegetable consisting of overlapping bracts enclosing an edible heart, typically boiled or steamed, a unique culinary experience.",
"Bell Pepper: A bell-shaped vegetable available in various colors (green, red, yellow, orange), with a crisp texture and mild, sweet flavor, often used in cooking.",
"Cardoon: A thistle-like plant with large, edible leaf stalks, similar in appearance to artichokes, often boiled or braised, a less common vegetable.",
"Mushroom: A fleshy, spore-bearing fruiting body of a fungus, available in many shapes and colors, often sautéed or used in soups, earthy and versatile.",
"Granny Smith: A variety of green apple known for its tart flavor and crisp texture, often used in baking or enjoyed fresh, a popular choice.",
"Strawberry: A small, red fruit with a sweet flavor and tiny seeds on the exterior, often eaten fresh, used in desserts, or preserved, a summer favorite.",
"Orange: A round citrus fruit with a thick, textured peel and segmented, juicy, sweet-tart flesh inside, rich in vitamin C, widely consumed.",
"Lemon: A yellow citrus fruit with a sour, acidic taste, valued for its juice and zest in cooking, baking, and beverages, a kitchen staple.",
"Fig: A soft, sweet fruit with a unique texture and numerous tiny seeds, often eaten fresh or dried, offering a concentrated burst of flavor.",
"Pineapple: A tropical fruit with a tough, spiky exterior and sweet, fibrous yellow flesh inside, often enjoyed fresh or used in desserts and drinks.",
"Banana: A long, curved fruit with a soft, starchy flesh and a peel that changes from green to yellow, a portable and energy-rich snack.",
"Jackfruit: A massive tropical fruit with a spiky green exterior and a fibrous, meaty yellow interior, often used as a meat substitute in vegan dishes.",
"Custard Apple: A tropical fruit with a creamy, sweet flesh and a knobbly green exterior, often eaten fresh, offering a rich, custard-like texture.",
"Pomegranate: A round fruit with a leathery red skin containing numerous juicy, red seeds (arils) inside, often eaten fresh or used in salads and juices.",
"Hay: Dried grass or legumes, typically stored in bales, used as animal fodder, a key component of livestock diets, golden and fragrant when fresh.",
"Carbonara: A classic Italian pasta dish featuring eggs, cheese (usually Pecorino Romano), guanciale or pancetta, and black pepper, creamy and savory.",
"Chocolate Sauce: A rich, sweet sauce made from melted chocolate, often used as a topping for desserts like ice cream or cake, indulgent and versatile.",
"Dough: A mixture of flour, water or other liquid, and often yeast or leavening, kneaded into a pliable mass, the basis for bread and pastries.",
"Pizza: A flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce, cheese, and various other ingredients like vegetables, meat, and herbs, then baked, customizable and popular.",
"Potpie: A savory dish with a filling of meat, poultry, or vegetables, often topped with a pastry crust, baked until golden, hearty and comforting.",
"Burrito: A flour tortilla folded or rolled around a filling, typically including rice, beans, meat, and salsa, a popular Mexican-inspired food.",
"Red Wine: An alcoholic beverage made from fermented red or black grapes, with a range of flavors and complexities, often paired with food, rich and complex.",
"Espresso: A concentrated form of coffee brewed by forcing hot water through finely-ground coffee beans, resulting in a strong, intense shot, often the base for other drinks.",
"Cup: A small, bowl-shaped container designed for drinking from, available in various materials like ceramic, glass, or metal, and often with a handle.",
"Eggnog: A rich, creamy, sweetened beverage made with eggs, milk, sugar, and often spices like nutmeg, typically served during the holiday season.",
"Alp: A high, rugged mountain peak, often covered in snow and glaciers, a defining feature of the Alpine landscape, majestic and imposing.",
"Cliff: A steep rock face, often along a coastline or in mountainous regions, presenting a dramatic vertical ascent, weathered by wind and water.",
"Coral Reef: A diverse underwater ecosystem built by coral polyps, characterized by vibrant colors, complex structures, and a high level of biodiversity.",
"Geyser: A spring that periodically erupts, spouting a column of hot water and steam into the air, a natural phenomenon often found in geothermally active areas.",
"Lakeside: The area adjacent to a lake, often characterized by still water, shoreline vegetation, and a sense of tranquility, a popular spot for recreation.",
"Promontory: A high point of land that extends out into a body of water, often with steep sides and offering panoramic views, a dramatic coastal feature.",
"Sandbar: A ridge of sand or gravel that lies just beneath the surface of a body of water, often formed by currents, creating shallow areas.",
"Seashore: The area where land meets the sea, characterized by beaches, cliffs, waves, and marine life, a dynamic and ever-changing environment.",
"Valley: A low area of land between hills or mountains, often containing a river or stream, characterized by fertile soil and picturesque landscapes.",
"Volcano: A mountain or hill with an opening (vent) through which molten rock (lava), ash, and gases can erupt, a powerful force of nature."
]
tieredimagenet_des4 = [
"Tench: A creature of the murk, draped in hues of damp earth and shadowed moss. Its form, rounded yet sinuous, glides through the aqueous gloom like a spectral guardian of hidden depths, fins mere whispers in the stillness.",
"Goldfish: A tiny orb of liquid sunshine, imprisoned in glass or porcelain. Its scales shimmer with captured light, a miniature galaxy swirling in a watery cosmos, its delicate tail a comet's tail in perpetual, gentle motion.",
"Great White Shark: The ocean's ultimate apex predator, cruising the waves with an air of 'don't mess with me'. Sleek, powerful, and packing some serious chompers.",
"Tiger Shark: Nature's garbage disposal with stripes. Big, bulky, and seemingly willing to eat just about anything that crosses its path. Don't swim with your leftovers.",
"Hammerhead Shark: Look at that head! Like it borrowed a hammer from a construction site. Glides through the water with an eerie, almost alien grace.",
"Electric Ray: The ocean's little zap-happy prankster. Flattened like a pancake, dark and smooth, but pack a surprising jolt if you give it a reason.",
"Stingray: A flying disc of the seabed, usually chillin' out, camouflaged like a ninja. But watch out for that venomous tail – it's got a stinger!",
"Kuvasz: A big, fluffy white cloud on four legs, but don't let the looks fool you. This dog's got guarding instincts sharper than a tack.",
"Schipperke: A tiny, jet-black furball with a face that says 'I know things'. Energetic, curious, and probably plotting to steal your socks.",
"Groenendael: Picture a majestic black cloud, but it's a dog. Long, flowing fur, smart as a whip, and built like a sturdy workhorse.",
"Malinois: The ultimate working dog, lean, mean, and incredibly sharp. Built for action, always alert, and probably has a secret spy dossier.",
"Briard: A walking, talking shag rug that's also a loyal guardian. Those locks are impressive, and so is their protective nature.",
"Kelpie: The Aussie herding machine, built for speed and brains. Often black or red, always focused, and could probably herd your thoughts if you let it.",
"Komondor: A living, breathing mop head. Those cords are unique, and underneath lies a calm, watchful giant ready to protect its flock.",
"Old English Sheepdog: A fluffy cloud with legs, often sporting a classic bobtail. Gentle, friendly, and looks like it should be narrating a story.",
"Shetland Sheepdog: Don't let the size fool you; this little dynamo is packed with energy and smarts. Tri-colored cuteness with a lot of pep.",
"Collie: Elegantly built with a lush coat, often sable or tricolor. Smart, devoted, and could probably out-herd and out-heart just about anything.",
"Border Collie: The canine Einstein of the dog world. Sleek, intense, and has 'workaholic' written all over it. Needs a job, or it'll make one up.",
"Bouvier des Flandres: A sturdy, powerful dog with a rough, wiry coat, usually dark. Looks tough, acts smart, and is fiercely loyal.",
"Rottweiler: A powerful, confident dog with a short, sleek black and tan coat. Commands attention with an air of quiet authority.",
"German Shepherd: The quintessential working dog – athletic, intelligent, and versatile. Often seen in service roles, strong and dependable.",
"Doberman: Sleek, muscular, and always alert. Often black and tan or red, with an imposing presence and unwavering loyalty.",
"Miniature Pinscher: Don't let the size fool you! This 'King of Toys' is energetic, confident, and has a smooth coat, often black and tan.",
"Greater Swiss Mountain Dog: A large, muscular powerhouse with a distinctive tri-color coat. Friendly, steady, and surprisingly nimble for its size.",
"Bernese Mountain Dog: A sturdy giant with a long, thick, tri-color coat. Known for its sweet temperament and gentle, friendly demeanor.",
"Appenzeller Sennenhund: A medium-sized, agile mountain dog with a tri-color coat. Energetic, alert, and historically great at herding.",
"Entlebucher Mountain Dog: The smallest of the Swiss mountain dogs, with a short, tri-color coat. Energetic, intelligent, and makes a great herder.",
"Boxer: Medium to large, with a short, smooth coat, often fawn or brindle. Playful, energetic, and has a distinctive, expressive face.",
"Bullmastiff: A large, powerful guardian with a short, wrinkled coat, usually brindle, fawn, or red. Calm, loyal, and protective.",
"Tibetan Mastiff: A large, imposing guardian with a thick, luxurious coat, often dark. Independent, strong-willed, and fiercely protective.",
"French Bulldog: A small, muscular dog with a smooth coat, often white and brindle. Playful, adaptable, and has those iconic 'bat ears'.",
"Great Dane: A giant, elegant dog with a short coat, various colors. Despite the size, often gentle and friendly, known as 'gentle giants'.",
"Saint Bernard: A large, muscular rescue dog with a thick coat, often red and white. Known for its strength and historical rescue work.",
"Eskimo Dog: A medium-sized, Spitz-type dog with a thick coat, often white. Alert, energetic, bred for cold climates.",
"Alaskan Malamute: A large, powerful sled dog with a thick coat, usually gray and white. Strong, loyal, and built for pulling.",
"Siberian Husky: A medium-sized, Spitz-type dog with a thick coat, often gray and white. Playful, resilient, and known for its expressive eyes.",
"Affenpinscher: A small, wiry-haired dog with a monkey-like face. Often black, playful, and has a surprisingly bold personality.",
"Tiger Beetle: A small, speedy predator with metallic colors and long legs. Zips around like a tiny, jewel-toned bullet.",
"Ladybug: A charmingly round beetle, often red with black spots. A familiar sight in gardens, usually considered good luck.",
"Ground Beetle: A dark, sturdy beetle with a glossy look, often found lurking under rocks or logs. Robust and resilient.",
"Long-Horned Beetle: A beetle distinguished by its incredibly long antennae, which can be longer than its body. Colors vary widely.",
"Leaf Beetle: A small, often vibrantly colored beetle, frequently green or yellow. Spends its days munching on leaves.",
"Dung Beetle: The master of recycling, known for rolling balls of dung. Sturdy build, often dark, and surprisingly strong.",
"Rhinoceros Beetle: A large, imposing beetle often dark in color and equipped with a horn on its head. Looks like it could wrestle a bear.",
"Weevil: A small beetle with a distinctive snout or 'rostrum'. Often brown or black, quietly munching on plants.",
"Fly: A small, often annoying insect with transparent wings and large compound eyes. Known for its buzzing and aerial acrobatics.",
"Bee: A flying insect clad in yellow and black stripes, essential for pollination and equipped with a stinger for defense.",
"Ant: A tiny, highly social insect, often black or red. Known for its incredible teamwork and complex nest-building.",
"Grasshopper: An insect with long hind legs built for jumping, often green or brown. Noisier at night with its characteristic chirping.",
"Cricket: A small, chirping insect with long antennae, usually brown. Masters of the night, filling the air with their rhythmic songs.",
    "Walking Stick: Medium-sized, slender, and often made of wood, this walking stick has a simple, functional design. It features a smooth, cylindrical shaft with a rounded tip.",
    "Wild Boar: Medium-sized, robust boar with dark, bristly fur covering its body. It has a large head, prominent tusks, and a sturdy, muscular build.",
    "Wooden Spoon: Medium-sized, utensil made of wood, typically with a long handle and a rounded, scoop-like bowl at the end. The surface shows signs of wear from use.",
    "Knitting: Medium-sized, activity involving the creation of fabric by interlocking loops of yarn. It is often done with two needles.",
    "Ladder: Medium-sized, portable structure consisting of rungs set between two parallel sides, used for climbing. It is typically made of wood or metal.",
    "Lamp: Medium-sized, device providing artificial light, typically with a base and a shade. It can be table-top, floor-standing, or wall-mounted.",
    "Lantern: Medium-sized, portable light source with a transparent or translucent cover, protecting the flame or bulb.",
    "Lawn Mower: Medium-sized, machine with rotating blades used to cut grass. It usually has wheels and a handle for pushing.",
    "Lighter: Small, handheld device used to create a flame, often containing flammable liquid or gas.",
    "Loaf of Bread: Medium-sized, baked food made from dough, typically rectangular or oval in shape. It has a crusty exterior and a soft interior.",
    "Lock: Small to medium-sized, mechanical device used to secure a door, box, or other object. It requires a key or combination to operate.",
    "Luxury Car: Large, high-end automobile designed for comfort, performance, and prestige. It often features premium materials and advanced technology.",
    "Mailbox: Small to medium-sized, box used to receive incoming mail. It is typically mounted on a post or attached to a wall.",
    "Manhole Cover: Large, circular or rectangular metal cover used to seal the opening of a manhole. It is heavy and designed to be secured.",
    "Map: Medium-sized, flat representation of an area, showing geographical features, roads, and other points of interest.",
    "Moped: Small, motorized bicycle designed for short-distance travel. It has a small engine and pedals.",
    "Motorcycle: Medium-sized, two-wheeled vehicle powered by an engine. It has handlebars for steering and a seat for the rider.",
    "Mountain: Large natural elevation of the earth's surface, typically with steep slopes and a peak. It is often covered in rock and vegetation.",
    "Mouth: Medium-sized, opening in the face used for eating, speaking, and breathing. It contains teeth, a tongue, and lips.",
    "Muffler: Medium-sized, device attached to an exhaust system to reduce noise. It is typically cylindrical and made of metal.",
    "Mug: Medium-sized, container for holding hot or cold beverages, typically with a handle. It is often made of ceramic or glass.",
    "Musical Instrument: Medium-sized, device used to create musical sounds. It can be a string, wind, or percussion instrument.",
    "Nail: Small, slender, pointed metal fastener with a flattened head. It is driven into wood or other materials to hold them together.",
    "Nail Polish: Small, bottle containing a liquid used to color fingernails and toenails. It dries to form a hard, protective coating.",
    "Newspaper: Medium-sized, printed publication containing news, articles, and advertisements. It is typically folded and bound.",
    "Overcoat: Large, heavy coat worn over other clothing for warmth in cold weather. It often has a collar and a belt.",
    "Oven: Medium-sized, enclosed compartment used for baking or roasting food. It is typically part of a stove or range.",
    "Paddle: Medium-sized, flat, broad blade used for propelling a boat or canoe. It is typically made of wood or fiberglass.",
    "Paintbrush: Small to medium-sized, tool used for applying paint. It has bristles attached to a handle.",
    "Pajamas: Medium-sized, loose-fitting garment worn for sleeping. It typically consists of a top and bottom.",
    "Palm Tree: Large, tree with a tall, unbranched trunk and a crown of large, feather-like leaves. It is often found in tropical regions.",
    "Parachute: Large, canopy-like device used to slow the descent of a person or object from a height. It is typically made of nylon.",
    "Parking Meter: Small to medium-sized, device used to collect payment for parking in a public space. It has a coin slot and a display.",
    "Piano: Large, musical instrument with a keyboard and strings. It is played by pressing the keys, which causes hammers to strike the strings.",
    "Pigeon: Medium-sized, bird with a plump body, short neck, and small head. It is often found in urban areas.",
    "Pillow: Medium-sized, soft cushion used to support the head while sleeping. It is typically filled with feathers, foam, or synthetic fibers.",
    "Pineapple: Medium-sized, tropical fruit with a tough, spiky exterior and sweet, juicy flesh. It has a tuft of leaves on top.",
    "Pistol: Small, handheld firearm designed to be fired with one hand. It has a short barrel and a grip.",
    "Pizza: Medium-sized, baked dish consisting of a flat, round base of dough topped with cheese, tomato sauce, and various toppings.",
    "Plant: Medium-sized, living organism that typically grows in soil, has leaves, stems, and roots, and produces its own food through photosynthesis.",
    "Pliers: Small to medium-sized, hand tool with two hinged jaws used for gripping, bending, or cutting. It has handles for the user to hold.",
    "Polo Shirt: Medium-sized, short-sleeved shirt with a collar and typically a placket with buttons. It is often made of cotton or a cotton blend.",
    "Porcupine: Medium-sized, rodent with a coat of sharp, protective spines or quills. It has a stocky body and a small head.",
    "Postcard: Small, rectangular piece of thick paper or cardboard intended for sending a short message through the mail. It has a picture on one side.",
    "Pot: Medium-sized, deep, round container with a handle or handles, used for cooking or storing food. It is typically made of metal or ceramic.",
    "Potato: Medium-sized, starchy tuberous crop from the perennial nightshade Solanum tuberosum. It has a brown or red skin and a white or yellow flesh.",
    "Purse: Small to medium-sized, bag used to carry personal items such as money, keys, and cosmetics. It typically has a clasp or zipper.",
    "Pyramid: Large, monumental structure with a square or triangular base and sloping sides that meet at the top. It is often associated with ancient Egypt.",
    "Rabbit: Small to medium-sized, mammal with long ears, short tail, and powerful hind legs. It has a soft coat and is known for its reproductive capabilities.",
    "Raccoon: Medium-sized, nocturnal mammal with a distinctive black mask around its eyes and a ringed tail. It has a dexterous front paws and is omnivorous.",
    "Radio: Small to medium-sized, electronic device used to receive and play audio broadcasts. It typically has a speaker, tuning controls, and volume knob.",
    "Rain Boots: Medium-sized, waterproof boots designed to be worn in wet conditions. They are typically made of rubber or a similar material.",
    "Record Player: Medium-sized, device used to play vinyl records. It has a turntable, tonearm, and a stylus or needle.",
    "Refrigerator: Large, appliance used to keep food and drinks cold. It has a door, shelves, and compartments for storage.",
    "Revolver: Medium-sized, handgun with a revolving cylinder that holds multiple cartridges. It is designed to be fired repeatedly without reloading.",
    "Rhino: Large, herbivorous mammal with thick, armor-like skin and one or two horns on its snout. It has a massive body and short, sturdy legs.",
    "Rooster: Medium-sized, male domestic fowl with bright plumage, a large comb on its head, and spurs on its legs. It is known for its crowing.",
    "Rug: Medium-sized, thick, flat-woven or tufted floor covering, typically smaller than a carpet. It may have a pattern or design.",
    "Saddle: Medium-sized, seat fitted on the back of a horse or other animal for riding. It typically has a frame, stirrups, and a cushion.",
    "Sandwich: Medium-sized, food consisting of two slices of bread with a filling, such as meat, cheese, or vegetables, placed between them.",
    "Saw: Small to medium-sized, tool with a serrated blade used for cutting wood or other materials. It has a handle for gripping.",
    "Scissors: Small to medium-sized, cutting instrument consisting of two blades joined by a pivot, operated by handles. They are used for cutting paper, fabric, etc.",
    "Scorpion: Small to medium-sized, arachnid with a segmented body, eight legs, and a venomous stinger at the end of its tail. It has pincers on its front.",
    "Sea Lion: Medium-sized, marine mammal with external ear flaps, long foreflippers, and the ability to walk on all fours. It is often found in coastal waters.",
    "Seashore: Medium-sized, area where the land meets the sea, characterized by sand, rocks, and waves. It is often a popular recreational spot.",
    "Sheep: Medium-sized, domesticated ruminant mammal with a thick coat of wool. It has a woolly fleece, a short tail, and often horns.",
    "Shoe: Medium-sized, covering for the foot, typically made of leather or synthetic materials. It has a sole and a heel, and may have laces or straps.",
    "Skull: Medium-sized, bony structure that forms the head and protects the brain. It consists of several fused bones.",
    "Sled: Medium-sized, vehicle with runners for sliding over snow or ice. It is typically pulled by animals or pushed by people.",
    "Sleeping Bag: Medium-sized, insulated bag used for sleeping outdoors. It is designed to keep the user warm in cold conditions.",
    "Slope: Medium-sized, area of ground that is not flat, but inclined at an angle. It can be natural or man-made.",
    "Snail: Small to medium-sized, slow-moving mollusk with a coiled shell on its back. It has a soft body and feeds on vegetation.",
    "Snorkel: Small to medium-sized, tube used by swimmers to breathe while their face is submerged underwater. It has a mouthpiece and a purge valve.",
    "Snowmobile: Medium-sized, motorized vehicle designed for travel over snow. It has skis in the front and a track in the back.",
    "Soccer ball: Medium-sized, spherical ball used in the sport of soccer. It is typically made of leather or synthetic materials and has a pattern of hexagons and pentagons.",
    "Sofa: Large, upholstered seating furniture designed to seat multiple people. It typically has a back, arms, and cushions.",
    "Sole: Medium-sized, flat part of a shoe that is in contact with the ground. It is typically made of leather, rubber, or synthetic materials.",
    "Sombrero: Medium-sized, broad-brimmed, high-crowned hat traditionally worn in Mexico. It is typically made of straw or felt and has a large brim.",
    "Spoon: Small to medium-sized, utensil with a shallow bowl and a handle, used for eating or serving food.",
    "Squirrel: Small to medium-sized, tree-dwelling rodent with a bushy tail and large eyes. It is known for its habit of storing nuts.",
    "Staircase: Medium-sized, series of steps for going from one level of a building to another. It may be straight, spiral, or curved.",
    "Starfish: Small to medium-sized, marine animal with a star-shaped body and five or more arms. It is typically found on the seabed.",
    "Steering Wheel: Medium-sized, wheel in a vehicle that the driver turns to control the direction of travel. It is typically made of plastic or leather.",
    "Stew: Medium-sized, dish made by cooking meat, vegetables, and sometimes grains in a liquid. It is typically cooked slowly in a pot.",
       "Tape Measure: Small to medium-sized, flexible ruler used for measuring length. It typically has a retractable spring mechanism.",
    "Teddy Bear: Small to medium-sized, stuffed toy bear, typically made of plush fabric and filled with soft material. It often has button eyes and a stitched nose.",
    "Telephone: Small to medium-sized, device used for transmitting and receiving sound, typically voice, over a distance. It has a handset and a base.",
    "Tennis Ball: Small, spherical ball used in the sport of tennis. It is typically made of rubber and covered in felt.",
    "Tennis Racket: Medium-sized, implement used to hit the ball in tennis. It has a long handle and a strung frame.",
    "Tent: Medium-sized, portable shelter made of cloth or other material stretched over a framework of poles. It is used for camping.",
    "Thermos: Small to medium-sized, insulated container used for keeping drinks or food hot or cold. It has a screw-top lid.",
    "Tiger: Large, carnivorous mammal with a striped coat of orange and black. It is one of the big cats and is known for its strength and agility.",
    "Tire: Medium-sized, rubber covering for a wheel, providing traction and cushioning. It is typically inflated with air.",
    "Tobacco Pipe: Small to medium-sized, pipe used for smoking tobacco. It typically has a bowl, a stem, and a mouthpiece.",
    "Tombstone: Medium-sized, upright stone slab placed over a grave, often bearing an inscription. It marks the site of a burial.",
    "Torus: Medium-sized, three-dimensional shape, like a doughnut or bagel, with a hole in the middle. It is a surface of revolution.",
    "Toy Train: Small to medium-sized, model of a train, often designed for children to play with. It typically runs on tracks.",
    "Traffic Light: Small to medium-sized, signaling device positioned at a road intersection, pedestrian crossing, or other location. It uses colored lights to control traffic.",
    "Tractor: Large, powerful motor vehicle used for pulling farm machinery or other equipment. It has large wheels and a sturdy frame.",
    "Train: Large, long vehicle consisting of a series of connected cars that runs on railroad tracks. It is used for transporting passengers or goods.",
    "Treadmill: Medium-sized, exercise machine with a belt that moves continuously, allowing a person to walk or run in place.",
    "Tricycle: Small to medium-sized, three-wheeled vehicle, typically for children. It has two wheels in the back and one in the front.",
    "Trolleybus: Medium-sized, electric bus that draws power from overhead wires using trolley poles. It operates on city streets.",
    "Trombone: Medium-sized, brass musical instrument with a long, cylindrical tube and a slide mechanism for changing pitch.",
    "Truck: Large, motor vehicle designed for transporting goods or materials. It has a cab for the driver and a cargo area.",
    "Tub: Medium-sized, large container for holding water, used for bathing or washing. It is typically made of porcelain or plastic.",
    "Turtle: Medium-sized, reptile with a hard shell covering its body. It has a long neck, four legs, and a beak-like mouth.",
    "Typewriter: Medium-sized, mechanical or electromechanical machine for typing characters. It has keys for each letter and symbol.",
    "Umbrella: Medium-sized, device consisting of a collapsible canopy supported by collapsible metal ribs, used for protection against rain or sun.",
    "Volcano: Large, mountain with a crater or vent through which lava, rock fragments, hot vapor, and gas are ejected. It is formed by volcanic activity."
    ]
tieredimagenet_des5= [
    "Aquarium: Enclosed container, typically glass or acrylic, housing aquatic organisms. Features filtration, heating, and lighting systems. Dimensions vary, often cuboid. Water chemistry and temperature controlled artificially.",
    "Baby: Human infant, postnatal stage, typically 0-12 months. Body proportionally large head, short limbs. Skin soft, features undeveloped. Requires constant care. Senses developing rapidly. Weight and height increase significantly.",
    "Bear: Large mammal of family Ursidae. Body robust, stocky legs. Fur thick, color varies (brown, black, white). Snout elongated, claws prominent. Diet omnivorous. Habitat diverse: forests, tundra, mountains.",
    "Bench: Seating furniture, typically long, with back support. Material varies: wood, metal, stone. Design ranges from simple slats to ornate carvings. Found in parks, public squares, gardens. Capacity for multiple users.",
    "Bicycle: Human-powered vehicle with two wheels, frame, handlebars, saddle, and pedals. Wheels connected by axle and frame. Propulsion via human leg power. Brakes mechanical or hydraulic. Frame materials: steel, aluminum, carbon fiber.",
    "Bison: Large bovid mammal, robust body, shoulder hump, shaggy fur (dark brown). Head broad, short tail. Males larger than females. Native to North America and Europe. Social, graze on grasses.",
    "Blackberry: Fruit of various Rubus species. Aggregate fruit, numerous drupelets forming a round or oval shape. Skin reddish-black when ripe, initially green. Texture juicy, slightly seedy. Grows on thorny canes.",
    "Blender: Kitchen appliance, electric motor drives rotating blades in container. Blades chop, puree, blend ingredients. Container typically glass or plastic. Speed settings variable. Used for smoothies, sauces, soups.",
    "Boat: Watercraft designed for navigation on water. Size varies from small dinghies to large ships. Hull shape adapted for purpose: displacement, planing. Propulsion by oar, sail, or engine. Materials: wood, fiberglass, metal.",
    "Bookcase: Furniture for storing books, vertical shelves supported by sides, top, bottom. Shelves horizontal, usually adjustable. Material wood, metal, or plastic. Height and width vary. Can be freestanding or built-in.",
    "Bowl: Container, typically round or oval, with open top and curved sides. Depth greater than width. Material varies: ceramic, glass, metal, wood. Used for holding food, liquids, or other items.",
    "Bread: Staple food, prepared from dough (grain flour, water) leavened and baked. Texture ranges from soft and crumbly to hard and crusty. Color varies with ingredients (wheat, rye, whole grain). Shape loaf, roll, flat.",
    "Bridge: Structure spanning and providing passage over an obstacle (river, valley, road). Components: deck (carrying traffic), supports (piers, abutments), foundations. Materials concrete, steel, wood, stone. Types arch, beam, suspension.",
    "Buffalo: Large bovid mammal, robust build, curved horns (in males). Color dark brown. Native to Africa (Cape buffalo) and Asia (water buffalo). Social, graze on grasslands. Used for milk, meat, labor in some regions.",
    "Bulldozer: Heavy construction equipment, tracked crawler with front-mounted blade. Blade used for pushing material (earth, rock). Engine powerful, cab shielded. Tracks provide stability on rough terrain. Used in excavation, grading.",
    "Bulldog: Dog breed, medium size, muscular build, distinctive wrinkled face, pushed-in nose. Head large, shoulders broad. Coat short, smooth, color varies (fawn, brindle, white). Temperament generally friendly, stubborn.",
    "Bunch of keys: Collection of metal keys attached by ring or chain. Keys vary in shape, size, tooth pattern (biting). Used for locking/unlocking mechanisms. Ring typically metal, sometimes ornate. Often carried on a keychain.",
    "Butterfly: Insect of order Lepidoptera, adult stage characterized by large, often colorful wings. Body divided into head, thorax, abdomen. Antennae clubbed. Wings covered in scales. Metamorphosis from caterpillar via pupa.",
    "Cactus: Diverse group of succulent plants, typically with fleshy stems adapted for water storage. Spines modified leaves, often sharp. Flowers often showy. Native to Americas, adapted to arid environments. Stems photosynthetic.",
    "Car: Road vehicle, typically four wheels, powered by internal combustion or electric engine. Body styles vary (sedan, hatchback, SUV). Passenger capacity usually 2-8. Components include chassis, suspension, steering system.",
    "Carton: Packaging container, typically made of paperboard, sometimes waxed or laminated. Shape often rectangular prism. Sealed with adhesive or folding tabs. Used for liquids (milk, juice), food items. May have pour spout.",
    "Cat: Small carnivorous mammal, domesticated subspecies of Felis silvestris. Body slender, flexible spine. Fur varies in length, color, pattern. Whiskers prominent, claws retractable. Tail varies in length, used for balance.",
    "Ceiling fan: Device mounted on ceiling, rotating blades create airflow. Motor housed in central hub, blades attached radially. Speed typically adjustable via pull chain or remote. Used for cooling and air circulation indoors.",
    "Cellular telephone: Portable electronic device for telecommunications. Features microphone, speaker, display, keypad or touchscreen. Connects via cellular network. Functions include calling, texting, internet access, photography. Powered by rechargeable battery.",
    "Chair: Furniture designed for sitting, typically one person. Components: seat, backrest, legs (usually four). Material varies: wood, metal, plastic, upholstered fabric. Styles range from simple stools to ornate armchairs.",
    "Chair: Furniture designed for sitting, typically one person. Components: seat, backrest, legs (usually four). Material varies: wood, metal, plastic, upholstered fabric. Styles range from simple stools to ornate armchairs.",
    "Chimpanzee: Great ape, genus Pan. Body covered in dark hair, bare face, hands, feet. Body robust, arms longer than legs. Highly intelligent, uses tools. Social structure complex. Native to tropical forests of Africa.",
    "Clock: Device for indicating time. Mechanism varies: mechanical, quartz, digital. Display type: analog (hands on dial), digital (numeric readout). Case material metal, wood, plastic. Found in various sizes and styles.",
    "Cloud: Visible mass of minute water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere. Shape and size highly variable. Color typically white or gray, depending on thickness and sun angle. Formed by condensation.",
    "Couch: Long upholstered seat, typically for multiple people. Components: seat base, backrest, arms (sometimes), cushions. Material fabric or leather. Frame wood or metal. Used for relaxing, seating in living spaces.",
    "Crab: Decapod crustacean, body dorsoventrally flattened, covered by carapace. Five pairs of legs, first pair modified into large claws (chelae). Eyes on movable stalks. Walk sideways. Habitat marine, freshwater, terrestrial.",
    "Crayfish: Freshwater crustacean, similar to small lobster. Body divided into cephalothorax (covered by carapace) and abdomen. Five pairs of walking legs, first pair often enlarged claws. Habitat streams, rivers, lakes.",
    "Crocodile: Large reptile of order Crocodilia. Body elongated, robust, covered in bony osteoderms (scutes). Jaws powerful, teeth visible even when mouth closed. Four short legs, webbed feet. Tail laterally flattened, used for swimming.",
    "Cup: Small container, typically with handle, for holding drinks. Shape often cylindrical or conical. Material varies: ceramic, glass, metal, plastic. Size small to medium. Handle provides grip. Rim may be flared or straight.",
    "Cycle: See Bicycle.",
    "Desk: Furniture, typically rectangular, with flat or slightly angled surface for writing or working. Usually has drawers for storage. Legs support the surface. Material wood, metal, or composite. Height adjustable in some designs.",
    "Dog: Domesticated mammal, subspecies of wolf (Canis lupus familiaris). Size, shape, coat vary immensely by breed. Keen sense of smell, hearing. Tail varies in length, used for communication. Often kept as companion.",
    "Donkey: Domesticated member of the horse family (Equus africanus asinus). Smaller than horses, with long ears, short mane, tail with tufted end. Color typically grayish-brown. Strong, sure-footed. Used for labor, riding.",
    "Duck: Waterbird of family Anatidae. Body streamlined, wings for flight, webbed feet for swimming. Bill broad, flattened. Plumage varies, often with iridescent colors in males. Male (drake) and female (hen) often differ.",
    "Eagle: Large bird of prey, family Accipitridae. Body robust, powerful build. Wings broad, tail relatively short. Plumage dark brown, often with lighter head or tail. Eyesight exceptionally keen. Soars on thermals.",
    "Equipment: General term for tools, instruments, or apparatus used for a particular purpose. Can refer to anything from simple hand tools to complex machinery. Specificity depends on context.",
    "Ferret: Domesticated mustelid, slender body, short legs. Fur typically brown, black, white, or mixed. Distinctive musky odor. Used historically for hunting vermin, now kept as pets. Social, intelligent, curious.",
    "Fish: Aquatic vertebrate, typically with gills, fins, and streamlined body. Skeleton bony or cartilaginous. Scales cover body. Habitat marine or freshwater. Diverse in size, shape, behavior. Reproduce via eggs.",
    "Flower: Reproductive structure of angiosperms (flowering plants). Typically consists of sepals, petals, stamens (male), pistil (female). Attracts pollinators. Colors, shapes, scents highly variable. Often visually striking.",
    "Fox: Small to medium-sized canid, known for cunning. Body slender, bushy tail (often white-tipped). Fur color varies by species (red, gray, arctic). Solitary or lives in small family groups. Omnivorous diet.",
    "Frog: Amphibian, order Anura. Body compact, large eyes, no tail in adult stage. Skin moist, permeable, often with glands. Hind legs powerful, adapted for jumping. Varies greatly in size and color. Larva stage is tadpole.",
    "Furniture: Items used to make a space suitable for living or working. Includes tables, chairs, beds, storage units, etc. Materials wood, metal, plastic, fabric. Styles vary widely (modern, traditional, minimalist).",
    "Garbage truck: Heavy-duty vehicle designed for collecting refuse. Body includes compactor mechanism to reduce volume of waste. Loading mechanism (e.g., automated arm). Often operated by municipal waste management services.",
    "Gas pump: Device at filling station for dispensing automotive fuel (gasoline, diesel). Includes hose, nozzle, metering pump, display. Nozzle has safety lever, fuel type selector. Connected to underground storage tanks.",
    "Golf ball: Small, hard ball used in golf. Diameter standardized. Surface typically covered with dimples (small indentations) to optimize aerodynamics. Made of various materials (rubber, plastic). White color most common.",
    "Gorilla: Largest living primate, genus Gorilla. Body robust, dark fur. Males (silverbacks) develop silver saddle on back. Forelimbs longer than hind limbs. Walks quadrupedally (knuckle-walking). Highly intelligent, social.",
    "Hamster: Small rodent, family Cricetidae. Body compact, short tail, large cheek pouches for storing food. Fur dense, color varies (brown, white, black). Nocturnal or crepuscular. Popular as pet. Native to Eurasia.",
    "Headphones: Audio output device worn over or in the ears. Components: earcups, headband, drivers (transducers). Connects to audio source (phone, computer). Types: over-ear, on-ear, in-ear (earbuds). Wired or wireless.",
    "Hedgehog: Small mammal, family Erinaceidae. Body covered with spines (modified hairs). Snout elongated, small eyes, ears. Fur soft under spines. Legs short. Rolls into ball for defense. Nocturnal insectivore.",
    "Helicopter: Aircraft, rotorcraft. Lift generated by rotating blades (main rotor). Tail rotor counteracts torque. Can hover, fly forward/backward/sideways. Used for transport, rescue, military, observation. Noise signature distinct.",
    "Hippo: Large semiaquatic mammal, order Artiodactyla. Body barrel-shaped, skin thick, nearly hairless. Mouth huge, canine teeth large. Eyes, ears, nostrils positioned high on head for submerging. Territorial, aggressive.",
    "Horse: Large mammal, genus Equus. Body muscular, legs long, single toe (hoof). Mane and tail covered in long hair. Highly intelligent, social herd animal. Used for riding, racing, work. Breeds vary widely.",
    "House: Building designed for residential occupancy, typically by a family or small group. Structure varies: single-story, multi-story, detached, attached. Materials wood, brick, concrete, steel. Includes rooms for living, sleeping, cooking.",
    "Houseplant: Plant grown indoors for decorative purposes or air purification. Varies widely in size, shape, leaf type. May require specific light, water, humidity conditions. Often potted. Popular examples: snake plant, pothos.",
    "Kangaroo: Marsupial, family Macropodidae. Large hind legs, powerful tail for balance. Female has pouch (marsupium) for rearing young (joey). Hops as primary mode of locomotion. Native to Australia and New Guinea.",
    "Keyboard: Input device for computers, consisting of keys for typing letters, numbers, symbols, and executing commands. Layout typically QWERTY. Types: mechanical, membrane. Connects via cable or wireless (Bluetooth).",
    "Lamp: Device producing artificial light, typically from an electric bulb. Components: base, socket, bulb, shade (optional). Sizes and styles vary greatly. Used for general or task illumination. Powered by electricity.",
    "Laptop: Portable personal computer, with screen hinged to keyboard base. Components integrated: CPU, RAM, storage, display, battery. Weighs less than desktop. Used for computing on the go. Connects to peripherals via ports.",
    "Lawnmower: Machine for cutting grass. Types: push reel (manual), gas-powered, electric. Blades rotate to shear grass. Width of cut varies. Self-propelled models available. Essential for maintaining lawns.",
    "Leopard: Large felid, genus Panthera. Body muscular, spotted coat (rosettes). Claws retractable. Highly adaptable, found in diverse habitats. Excellent climber, powerful swimmer. Solitary, opportunistic predator.",
    "Lion: Large felid, genus Panthera. Males have prominent mane. Social structure: pride (females related, males may be coalition). Roar distinctive. Primarily nocturnal hunter. Habitat grasslands, savannas of Africa.",
    "Lizard: Diverse reptile, order Squamata. Body covered in scales, typically four legs, tail often autotomous (breaks off). Eyes lidless, often with movable eyelids. Habitat varies: deserts, forests, urban areas.",
    "Man: Adult male human. Physical characteristics include average greater height and muscle mass than females. Varies widely in appearance, culture, occupation. Cognitive abilities, emotions complex. Subject of anthropology, sociology.",
    "Map: Representation of a territory (geographical, conceptual) on a flat surface. Scale varies. Includes symbols, labels, legend. Types: road map, topographic map, political map. Used for navigation, understanding spatial relationships.",
    "Motorcycle: Two-wheeled motor vehicle, powered by engine. Frame connects wheels, engine mounted. Rider sits astride. Steering via handlebars. Types: street, sport, cruiser, off-road. Requires balance, skill to operate.",
    "Moth: Insect of order Lepidoptera, generally nocturnal counterpart to butterflies. Antennae typically feathery or saw-edged, not clubbed. Wings often held tent-like over body at rest. Many species attracted to light.",
    "Mushroom: Fungal structure, fruiting body (basidiocarp or ascocarp) of certain fungi. Composed of stem (stipe) and cap (pileus). Cap bears spores on gills, pores, or other surfaces. Varies greatly in size, color, shape.",
    "Nail: Fastener, typically cylindrical shaft with pointed tip and flattened head. Material usually steel. Size varies. Driven into material (wood, plaster) to join pieces. Used in construction, carpentry.",
    " Newspaper: Periodical publication, typically printed on low-cost paper (newsprint). Contains news articles, editorials, advertisements. Sections cover politics, sports, culture, business. Distributed daily or weekly.",
    "Octopus: Marine mollusc, class Cephalopoda. Body soft, bulbous head with eight arms bearing suckers. Eyes complex, similar to vertebrates. Highly intelligent, can change color/texture for camouflage. Habitat diverse marine environments.",
    "Owl: Nocturnal bird of prey, order Strigiformes. Large head, forward-facing eyes (fixed sockets), facial disc. Plumage often cryptic. Silent flight due to specialized feathers. Powerful talons, hooked beak. Preys on small animals.",
    "Panda: Large mammal, genus Ailuropoda (giant panda). Body stocky, distinctive black and white markings. Diet almost exclusively bamboo. Native to mountainous central China. Endangered, conservation efforts ongoing.",
    "Parrot: Bird of order Psittaciformes. Characterized by strong, curved bill, zygodactyl feet (two toes forward, two back). Often vivid plumage, ability to mimic sounds. Highly intelligent, social. Habitat tropical and subtropical regions.",
    "Penguin: Flightless seabird, order Sphenisciformes. Body streamlined, wings modified into flippers. Feathers dense, overlapping. Coloration typically countershaded (dark dorsally, light ventrally). Habitat Southern Hemisphere, mostly Antarctica.",
    "Piano: Musical instrument, keyboard percussion. Strings struck by hammers activated by keys. Range typically 88 keys (7 octaves). Soundboard amplifies vibrations. Types: grand, upright. Widely used in classical and popular music.",
    "Pigeon: Bird of family Columbidae. Body plump, short neck, small head. Plumage varies, often gray with iridescent patches. Feet short, strong. Known for homing ability (pigeon post). Found worldwide in urban and rural areas.",
    "Pig: Domesticated mammal, genus Sus. Body large, barrel-shaped, snout elongated with disk-like cartilage (disc). Skin often pinkish, may be covered with sparse bristles. Highly intelligent, omnivorous. Used for meat, leather.",
    "Pineapple: Tropical plant (Ananas comosus), its edible fruit. Fruit composite, formed by fusion of many berries around central core. Exterior rough, scaly, greenish-yellow when ripe. Interior flesh yellow, juicy, sweet-acidic.",
    "Pizza: Baked dish, typically round flatbread base topped with tomato sauce, cheese (mozzarella), and various toppings (meat, vegetables). Baked in oven. Served in slices. Popular globally, variations regional.",
    "Plant: Organism belonging to kingdom Plantae. Typically multicellular, photosynthetic (chlorophyll). Cell walls containing cellulose. Life cycle includes alternation of generations. Includes trees, flowers, grasses, mosses.",
    "Polar bear: Large bear, species Ursus maritimus. Body adapted to Arctic: thick white fur, layer of fat, large paws for swimming/traction on ice. Diet primarily seals. Solitary, powerful predator. Vulnerable to climate change.",
    "Popcorn: Puffed form of corn kernel (Zea mays everta) after heating. Kernel has hard outer shell (pericarp) and starchy interior. When heated, pressure builds, kernel explodes, interior puffs out. Often eaten as snack, sweetened or salted.",
    "Porcupine: Rodent, family Erethizontidae or Hystricidae. Body covered with modified hairs forming sharp quills. Quills detach easily when touched, serve as defense. Nocturnal. Herbivorous diet. Found globally in various habitats.",
    "Printer: Device that produces hard copy (physical text/images) from digital data. Types: inkjet, laser. Connects to computer via cable or wirelessly. Used for documents, photos. Quality varies by type, resolution.",
    "Prayer beads: String of beads or knots used as a tool for prayer or meditation in various religions. Counting repetitions of prayers or mantras. Designs, materials (wood, bone, gemstones), number of beads vary by tradition.",
    "Purse: Small bag, typically handheld, used to carry personal items (money, cards, keys). Materials leather, fabric, synthetic. Shapes vary: clutch, shoulder bag, tote. Often decorative, reflects personal style.",
    "Queen: Female monarch, ruler of a monarchy. Title signifies highest rank. Powers vary: constitutional (advisory) or absolute. Often associated with regalia (crown, scepter). Symbol of national identity in some countries.",
    "Race car: Vehicle designed for racing. Aerodynamic body, powerful engine, specialized tires. Low profile, often open cockpit. Safety features extensive (roll cage, harness). Types: Formula 1, NASCAR, rally. Built for speed and handling.",
    "Rabbit: Small mammal, family Leporidae. Body slender, long ears, short tail (fluffy, white). Hind legs powerful, adapted for hopping. Teeth continuously growing. Social, often lives in burrows. Popular as pet, food source.",
    "Raccoon: Mammal, family Procyonidae. Body stocky, black mask across eyes, ringed tail. Paws dexterous, often manipulate objects with fingers. Omnivorous diet. Nocturnal. Native to North America, introduced elsewhere.",
    "Rapeseed: Brassica plant (Brassica napus), cultivated for its oil-rich seeds. Flowers bright yellow. Seed oil used in food (canola oil), biodiesel, industrial applications. Major agricultural crop globally.",
    "Red panda: Small mammal, family Ailuridae. Body reddish-brown with white facial markings, long bushy tail. Arboreal, nocturnal. Diet primarily bamboo. Native to eastern Himalayas, China. Endangered.",
    "Remote control: Handheld device used to wirelessly operate electronic equipment (TV, DVD player). Contains buttons or touchscreen, communicates via infrared or radio waves. Battery-powered. Enables user to control functions from distance.",
    "Revolver: Single-barrel firearm with rotating cylinder holding multiple cartridges. Trigger release fires one cartridge per trigger pull. Cylinder indexes to align next cartridge with barrel. Types: snub-nose, service revolver. Used historically, now less common.",
    "Rhino: Large mammal, family Rhinocerotidae. Body robust, thick skin, one or two horns on snout (keratin). Eyes relatively small. Poor eyesight, good hearing, sense of smell. Herbivorous. Found in Africa and Asia. Vulnerable/extinct.",
    "Robot: Machine capable of carrying out complex actions autonomously or semi-autonomously. Often programmable, may mimic human or animal behavior. Components: sensors, actuators, control system. Used in manufacturing, exploration, service.",
    "Rock: Solid, naturally occurring aggregate of minerals or mineraloids. Composed of grains or crystals. Texture, composition, formation process vary widely. Can be igneous, sedimentary, or metamorphic. Found on Earth's surface and subsurface.",
    "Rocket: Vehicle propelled by expulsion of fast-moving fluid (propellant) from engine. Used for spaceflight, missiles. Components: body, payload section, engine(s), fins (some). Thrust generated by Newton's third law of motion.",
    "Sailboat: Boat propelled primarily by wind acting on sails. Components: hull, mast(s), sail(s), rudder, keel. Sails catch wind, generating lift and thrust. Types: dinghy, sloop, schooner. Used for recreation, racing, transport.",
    "Satellite: Object placed into orbit around a planet or moon. Can be natural (e.g., Moon) or artificial (e.g., communication, navigation). Artificial satellites contain payload (instrumentation, communication equipment) and support systems (power, propulsion).",
    "School bus: Bus designed for transporting students to and from school. Characterized by bright yellow color, flashing red lights, stop arm. Large capacity, sturdy construction. Accessible features for students with disabilities.",
    "Scorpion: Arachnid, order Scorpiones. Body divided into cephalothorax and abdomen (opisthosoma). Abdomen includes narrow tail ending in telson (sting). Pedipalps modified into large pincers. Venom used for defense, predation.",
    "Sea turtle: Marine reptile, order Testudines. Body streamlined, forelimbs modified into flippers. Shell fused to spine. Four species globally. Nest on beaches. Feeds on jellyfish, seagrass. Vulnerable to bycatch, habitat loss.",
    "Shark: Elasmobranch fish, subclass Elasmobranchii. Body typically streamlined, cartilaginous skeleton. Fins provide stability, propulsion. Jaws powerful, teeth often replaceable. Senses keen (electroreception, smell). Habitat marine, freshwater.",
    "Sheep: Domesticated mammal, genus Ovis. Body covered with wool (fibrous fleece), often shorn for fiber. Face typically white or black. Males may have horns. Herbivorous, grazes on grass. Used for wool, meat (lamb, mutton).",
    "Shelf: Horizontal surface, typically flat, used for storing or displaying items. Often part of shelving unit (bookcase, rack). Materials wood, metal, glass, plastic. May be adjustable. Supports objects via gravity and friction.",
    "Shoe: Footwear designed to protect and comfort the human foot. Components: upper (closely fits foot), sole (protects bottom), heel (supports foot). Materials leather, fabric, synthetic. Styles vary for function (sneaker, boot, sandal).",
    "Shovel: Hand tool, typically with a handle and blade (spade). Blade flat or scoop-shaped, used for digging, moving material (soil, snow). Handle length varies (short, long, D-grip). Materials metal, plastic, wood.",
    "Signal: Indication, typically visual or auditory, conveying information or command. Can be natural (smoke, bird call) or artificial (light, sound, radio wave). Used in communication, traffic control, signaling systems.",
    "Sink: Plumbing fixture, basin with drain, used for washing hands, dishes. Typically made of ceramic, stainless steel, plastic. Features faucet(s), stopper. Drains connected to plumbing system. Found in kitchens, bathrooms.",
    "Skateboard: Small board with four wheels, used for riding, performing tricks. Components: deck (wooden board), trucks (axles), wheels, grip tape. Controlled by shifting weight, turning trucks. Popular among youth, extreme sports.",
    "Scorpion: Arachnid, order Scorpionidae. Body divided into cephalothorax and abdomen. Abdomen tapers to narrow tail with telson (sting). Pedipalps modified into pincers. Venom used for hunting, defense. Found in diverse habitats, often arid regions.",
    "Seal: Marine mammal, order Pinnipedia. Body streamlined, limbs modified into flippers. Fur or blubber for insulation. Carnivorous, often feed on fish, squid. Social, often haul out on land or ice. Types: true seals, eared seals.",
    "Sheep: Domesticated mammal, genus Ovis. Body covered with wool (fleece), often sheared for wool. Face typically white or black. Males may have horns. Herbivorous, grazes on grass. Used for wool, meat (lamb, mutton).",
    "Shoe: Footwear, typically with upper covering, sole, and heel, protecting and supporting the human foot. Materials leather, synthetic, fabric. Styles vary for function (sneaker, boot, sandal).",
    "Shovel: Hand tool, typically with a handle and blade (spade). Blade flat or scoop, used for digging, moving material (soil, snow). Handle length varies (short, long, D-grip). Materials metal, plastic, wood.",
    "Sign: Indication, typically visual or auditory, conveying information or warning. Can be natural (smoke, bird call) or artificial (light, radio wave). Used in communication, traffic control systems.",
    "Sink: Plumbing fixture, basin with faucet(s), used for washing hands, dishes. Made of ceramic, stainless steel, plastic. Drains connected to water system. Found in kitchens, bathrooms.",
    "Skateboard: Small board with four wheels, used for riding, performing tricks. Components: deck (wooden board), trucks (axles), wheels, grip tape. Controlled by shifting weight, turning trucks. Popular among youth, extreme sports.",
    "Skier: Person who engages in skiing, using skis for locomotion on snow. Equipment includes skis, poles, boots. Styles: alpine (downhill), cross-country. Requires balance, technique. Popular winter sport.",
    "Skyscraper: Tall building, exceptionally high-rise structure. Typically steel frame, curtain wall exterior. Contains numerous floors for offices, residential, commercial use. Dominant feature of many modern city skylines.",
    "Snail: Mollusc, order Stylommatophora. Body soft, often with coiled shell (helix) or reduced shell. Foot secretes mucus for movement. Diet varies (herbivorous, carnivorous). Found in diverse terrestrial and aquatic habitats.",
    "Snorkel: Tubular device, typically J-shaped, allowing breathing while face submerged. Includes mouthpiece, purge valve. Used for surface swimming, observing underwater. Connects to mask.",
    "Snowmobile: Vehicle designed for travel on snow and ice. Tracks provide traction, handlebars for steering. Engine-powered. Used for recreation, transportation in snowy regions.",
    "Soccer ball: Spherical ball, typically leather or synthetic, with black and white pentagonal and hexagonal panels. Inflated with air. Used in association football (soccer). Standardized size and weight.",
    "Sofa: Long upholstered seat, typically for multiple people. Components: seat base, backrest, arms (sometimes), cushions. Material fabric or leather. Frame wood or metal. Used for relaxing, seating in living spaces.",
    "Staircase: Structure of steps (treads, risers) for moving between different levels in a building. Materials wood, metal, concrete. Designs vary: straight, spiral, floating. Provides vertical access.",
    "Steam locomotive: Railway locomotive powered by steam engine. Engine drives wheels via piston and connecting rods. Large smokestack, tender (coal/water car). Used historically for freight and passenger transport.",
    "Submarine: Watercraft capable of operating underwater. Hull structure, ballast tanks for submersion. Propulsion (diesel-electric, nuclear). Used for military, research, exploration.",
    "Suitcase: Rectangular container, typically with wheels and telescoping handle, for carrying personal items during travel. Materials hardshell or softshell. Latches or zippers for closure. Sizes vary.",
    "Sunglasses: Eyewear with tinted lenses, worn to protect eyes from sunlight. Frames hold lenses in front of eyes. Styles vary: aviator, wayfarer. Materials plastic, metal.",
    "Sunflower: Tall herbaceous plant (Helianthus annuus), its large flower head. Head composite, central disc florets surrounded by ray florets. Petals often yellow. Used for oil, food (seeds). Symbol of the sun.",
    "Swan: Large waterbird, family Anatidae. Body elongated, long neck, webbed feet. Plumage typically white or black. Males (drakes) often larger. Known for graceful swimming, elaborate courtship dances. Found in freshwater habitats.",
    "Swing: Playground equipment, suspended seat (plastic or canvas) on chains or ropes. Swinging motion achieved by pushing or pumping. Provides entertainment, exercise. Often found in parks.",
    "Syringe: Medical device, typically cylindrical barrel with plunger, fitted with hypodermic needle. Used for injecting or withdrawing fluids. Sizes vary. Common in healthcare, veterinary medicine.",
    "Table: Piece of furniture with flat top and one or more legs or base. Top horizontal surface for placing objects. Legs provide stability. Materials wood, metal, glass. Shapes vary: rectangular, circular. Used for eating, working, display.",
    "Teddy bear: Stuffed toy bear, typically soft fabric body, button eyes, movable limbs. Represents a bear cub. Popular children's toy, collectible. Varies in size, color, style.",
    "Television: Electronic device for receiving broadcast signals and displaying visual and audio content. Components: screen (CRT, LCD, LED), tuner, speakers. Sizes vary. Dominant medium for mass communication, entertainment.",
    "Tiger: Large felid, genus Panthera. Body muscular, distinctive orange coat with black stripes. Large head, powerful jaws, retractable claws. Excellent swimmer. Solitary, apex predator. Native to Asia. Endangered.",
    "Tiger beetle: Insect, family Cicindelidae. Body elongated, often metallic green or brown. Large eyes, long legs. Active, fast-running predators. Found in various terrestrial habitats.",
    "Tiger snake: Venomous snake, genus Notechis. Body robust, olive to jet black. Elongated head, broad neck. Found in Australia. Venom potent, aquatic and terrestrial.",
    "Tiger: Large felid, genus Panthera. Body muscular, distinctive orange coat with black stripes. Large head, powerful jaws, retractable claws. Excellent swimmer. Solitary, apex predator. Native to Asia. Endangered.",
    "Tiger beetle: Insect, family Cicindelidae. Body elongated, often metallic green or brown. Large eyes, long legs. Active, fast-running predators. Found in various terrestrial habitats.",
    "Tiger snake: Venomous snake, genus Notechis. Body robust, olive to jet black. Elongated head, broad neck. Found in Australia. Venom potent, aquatic and terrestrial.",
    "Tiger: Large felid, genus Panthera. Body muscular, distinctive orange coat with black stripes. Large head, powerful jaws, retractable claws. Excellent swimmer. Solitary, apex predator. Native to Asia. Endangered.",
    "Burrito: A flexible bio-composite packet with ‘rice’, ‘beans’, and ‘meat’, often with ‘salsa’. Designed for balanced nutrition in space, easy digestion, and minimal waste. Its molecular structure offers sustained energy, superior to earlier nutrient slurries.",
    "Red Wine: A deep-hued, viscous liquid from fermented grapes, rich in flavor molecules and antioxidants. Used in social rituals, it stimulates endorphin release, promoting well-being. Its complex profile challenges even advanced palatal sensors.",
    "Espresso: A high-pressure extracted caffeinated concentrate from selected coffee beans, typically in capsules. Provides a swift cognitive boost, enhancing alertness and reaction times. Its pungent aroma marks areas of high activity.",
    "Cup:  A heat-resistant, corrosion-proof polymer container, optimized for various extraterrestrial manipulatory appendages. Features thermal insulation and antimicrobial coatings, ensuring safe containment and ingestion of liquids.",
    "Eggnog: A viscous, sweet-tasting beverage from processed eggs, synthetic milk proteins, and spices. Associated with celebrations, offering high caloric content and euphoric effects. Enhances social bonding and festive energy fields.",
    "Promontory: A geological projection jutting into a liquid body, often with near-vertical escarpments. Serves as a vantage point for scanning and navigation. Its composition reveals tectonic forces and environmental interaction.",
    "Sandbar: A near-surface feature formed by sediment accumulation in liquid bodies. A navigational reference and sampling site, dynamically shaped by fluid dynamics. Composition provides clues about the basin’s history.",
    "Seashore: The zone where land meets liquid, characterized by beaches or cliffs. A dynamic ecotone with intense biological activity and energy exchange. Essential for environmental monitoring and resource prospecting.",
    "Valley:A depression between elevated landforms, carved by erosive flows. Contains ecosystems or mineral deposits, recording geological history. The valley floor may host rivers, lakes, or fertile soil.",
    "Volcano: A feature where a planet’s molten interior breaches the surface, forming conical or shield-shaped structures. Classified by activity: active, dormant, or extinct. Shapes atmosphere and surface geology, hosting unique ecosystems."
]
